2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of digital image processing like so so so so so so so so so so so uh um um okay you know you know you know uh in which the image image image image image image image image image image image resolution, or amount of detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision - maker's dynamic knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge and understanding, well so you know so so okay uh you know so well or or or or or or or or or or or mental model, of a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, by okay I mean I mean so like um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so Order of Friars Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match the match the match the match the match the match the match match match match match match match match match match match the match the match the match the match has previously been played in Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Cardiff Arms Park and St Helens, um well um um so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger the danger the danger the danger the danger the danger the danger the the the the the the the the the the the danger the danger the danger the danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first zander first zander first zander first zander first zander first zander first zander zander zander zander zander zander zander zander zander zander zander first zander first zander first zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US album '12 X 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' well well well um okay I mean like uh um I mean in 1964 and performed it as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 but he now now now now now now now now now now now works for like like um well I mean so so you know okay like Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Rights Watch in New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities located at a a a a a a a a a a a maximum distance of uh like like you know you know well so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean from the city, and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center of the seaport town of of of of of of of of of of of Cherchell um like you know so I mean so like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered to be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when but when but when but when but when but when but when when when when when when when when when when when but when but when but when but when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug dealer Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained to the Hawaiian Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty Royalty the importance of an educational institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry is one such scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar so okay like well like well okay like I mean I mean whose research reveals that that that that that that that that that that that public servants tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - proto - proto - proto - proto - proto - proto - - - - - - - - - - - proto - proto - proto - proto - prog is the advanced music that that that that that that that that that that that slightly predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly 600 casualties, mostly in in in in in in in in in in in uh um you know so so I mean um okay uh I mean Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd was reduced to the size of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at a terminal station, the train train train train train train train train train train train uh you know well so you know so okay I mean like uh may not not not not not not not not not not not continue in a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and determined that um um um um um um um um um um um like um um um you know like well uh like it was a protein and and and and and and and and and and and in 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord of Hermitage Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, was arrested and boiled so I mean I mean you know well so you you you you you you you you you you you know like well well alive by his tenants at the site in 1320 in in in in in in in in in in in a cauldron suspended from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 %, the Malays of I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know um uh so like well I mean like Southern Thailand make make make make make make make make make make make up around 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours with the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became he became he became he became he became he became he became became became became became became became became became became became he became he became he became he became ruler in June 530 after deposing his first first first first first first first first first first first cousin, two generations removed, like uh uh so okay you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay Hilderic, who had angered the Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is darnall is darnall is darnall is darnall is darnall is darnall is darnall is is is is is is is is is is is darnall is darnall is darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young age, Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley played well um I mean um um you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so his junior rugby league for the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across operating systems, so compatibility um um um um um um um um um um um okay well well I mean like okay you know you know okay of the the the the the the the the the the the keyboard needs to be checked before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), following it okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh I mean um okay you know you know up with 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City of God' (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of of of of of of of of of of of Belgrade lasted for three like I mean so like um like well well you you you you you you you you you you you know um days, other sources state the air battle over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard 40 foot container, but if if if if if if if if if if if the so uh so um I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay rail line has been built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage of its matches in in in in in in in in in in in the United States, you know okay um I mean well okay well like okay well the the the the the the the the the the the United Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like like like like like like like like like like like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German German German German German German German German German German German government advising them of President Roosevelt's so um okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh I mean hostility, and was also involved in several attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, so uh so you know okay um well well well well well well well well well well well well you know so including efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as the go to person for comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment uh so I mean um so well you know uh uh I mean on on on on on on on on on on on issues concerning the Muslim community even though he has no official standing within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, and within two hours the you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um you know um well so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know mob was moving about the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and have on several occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions okay uh well well you know um well okay okay I mean read the comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments made on it; the character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore etc. However, the civilisation of of of of of of of of of of of um um you know okay okay like so okay okay like India in general, has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming to Dinner? with the the the the the the the the the the the like well so you know I mean uh uh I mean um I mean mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally injured Cylon Natalie being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive um so okay um so I mean okay like uh um home in Polk County County County County County County County County County County County of a top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the University of Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne and when okay you know so uh I mean um like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay he returns with much fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the Flora Venom) one of the the the the the the the the the the the I mean well like I mean okay you know okay okay so I mean Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's Darna's enemy as the story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and was given the key to his his his his his his his his his his his like so um you know uh I mean so like I mean you know legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João maria João maria João maria João maria João maria João maria João João João João João João João João João João João maria João maria João maria João maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the most optimistic projections, the NDP okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like okay you know so um so took every seat in the city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free and open source initiative to to to to to to to to to to to okay so like um okay okay uh okay well well provide an enterprise scale solution solution solution solution solution solution solution solution solution solution solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of primary energy can be like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh like uh um I mean you know I mean I mean considered the the the the the the the the the the the same, which is not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before joining the ABC like like like like like like like like like like like okay so so I mean I mean well like you know I mean and is is is is is is is is is is is a graduate of Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted architect Wilson Eyre to to to to to to to to to to to be so well you know like like um like okay like um the home home home home home home home home home home home of Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is is is is is is is is is is is home alone, and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race the race the race the race the race the race the the the the the the the the the the the race the race the race the race the race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a a a a a a a a a a a Group 3 well so you know I mean well um okay well okay like race race race race race race race race race race race in 2002, and it has been upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named after Wenzao Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 1917) was was was was was was was was was was was an officer okay uh okay um like well okay okay okay um in in in in in in in in in in in the Union Army during the American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes it it it it it it it it it it it organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car designed by the Red you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um like so uh well like I mean like Bull Racing team for the 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian you know uh well so um like like like like like like like like like like like um okay you know okay Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves the boy, who ultimately exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles you know I mean like um you know so well like uh like the the the the the the the the the the the king who ends up in a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 in a UEFA Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro 2008 qualifying uh um okay um okay okay uh um I mean like match match match match match match match match match match match against Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making all students wear the well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean I mean like um like uh like same clothes or limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in the Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red River Campaign you know um I mean I mean you know so like um um um um um um um um um um um you know so of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album 'Smash Your Head on the the the the the the the the the the the Punk you know well you know well you know um you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well like Rock' as well as a number of various artist compilations, including the City Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and ', and ', and ', and ', and ', and and and and and and and and and and and ', and ', and ', and ', and ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important an important an important an important an important an important an important important important important important important important important important important important an important an important an important an important crossroads throughout its early history, the the the the the the the the the the the village of Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New York) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song the song the song the song the song the song the song song song song song song song song song song song the song the song the song the song was removed from YouTube because it was was was was was was was was was was was tagged as a YouTube okay so I mean okay I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know I mean policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku his Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and instead advocated looking to the like so you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay um like um I mean well original works, his school is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a MF patch only the club know know know know know know know know know know know what I mean so like so so okay um like I mean uh those those those those those those those those those those those are used for or signify law enforcement theorizes with the help of okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so like well so I mean I mean you know informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he is transformed into into into into into into into into into into into a super-powered um well I mean so okay well uh well uh like being being being being being being being being being being being possessing the same powers that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album the album the album the album the album the album the album the album album album album album album album album album album album the album the album the album was released on July 15, 2014 for free as as as as as as as as as as as an early birthday I mean so well uh uh uh like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um gift from Kevin to his fans and was met with positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le Mans, driving a Porsche - I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay I mean like okay I mean so like powered Kremer with with with with with with with with with with with Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, an an an an an an an an an an an area which had experienced you know you know I mean um um so well well well well well well well well well well well like okay like severe drug abuse problems since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, at length, at length, at length, at length, at length, length, length, length, length, length, length, length, length, length, length, at length, at length, at length, at length, at length, after seven years of of of of of of of of of of of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on 6 March 1856, you know you know okay like well um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh I mean like set sail for England on board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the the the the the the the the the the the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit the lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional because the Trump Administration is overstepping uh okay like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well uh the authority allowed under the by forcing federal agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies to violate governing statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott although Elliott was running for the UUP he was was was was was was was was was was was also being actively supported by the okay um okay you know so okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh DUP, the TUV and UKIP. The Tory the Tory the Tory the the the the the the the the the the the Tory the Tory the Tory the Tory the Tory the Tory the Tory the Tory party party party party party party party party party party party also refused to run a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track track track track track track track track track track track into Iowa, and during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, before long, before long, before long, before long, before long, before long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, before long, before long, before long, before long, her photo and byline were running in in in in in in in in in in in the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 then parks the the the the the the the the the the the car okay so like well um I mean okay okay uh well in front of the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal was granted independence, with with with with with with with with with with with only brief like well okay I mean uh well like so so well periods of of of of of of of of of of of English occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds on the existing body of so so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so um you know well uh like query language issues, many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen well um I mean well so um I mean you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well Morgase of Andor, and kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was was was was was was was was was was was um I mean um I mean okay well well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the only son of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band The Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in the tournament and became became became became became became became became became became became the first nation uh I mean like like okay you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well from America and only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched by international institutes, universities and market market market market market market market market market market market well well well okay so like uh um like uh research companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 when it first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to with Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been been been been been been been been been been been um okay well okay like you know uh like uh well charged with cheating and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd batch 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd 42nd batch 42nd batch is you know you know okay um um you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay like so the best batch in the history of this medical college. It It It It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member of Parliament for the the the the the the the the the the the well well well okay um uh um uh okay um district of Western Arctic in in in in in in in in in in in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was the petitioner in in in in in in in in in in in okay well uh like uh like so um uh well one of the best known known known known known known known known known known known habeas corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the R13, R14, R15 and and and and and and and and and and and R16 and uh so like well like like you know so well like long - distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance distance services, branch off to Estació de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids off plants and thus kills okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay okay okay um so um you know them from the impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent that she lacked a a a a a a a a a a a campaign uh I mean well like you know uh okay uh like uh message, outside of of of of of of of of of of of her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to flee the scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, scene, but you know I mean okay you know so okay so uh I mean um was was was was was was was was was was was discovered the next morning hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first tour arranged by new new new new new new new new new new new label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at Duke and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards the two parents: a version version version version version version version version version version version um you know okay um like okay okay I mean um well for the the the the the the the the the the the mother and one for the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security Archive, CORU was well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay um like so like like so you know created to unify five different different different different different different different different different different different Cuban exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis following German invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched a plan to make her her her her her her her her her her her move like like I mean you know okay so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh in with him, which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing same - sex couples you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean okay so um like well uh to jointly petition for for for for for for for for for for for adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig craig craig craig craig craig craig craig craig craig craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is a a a a a a a a a a a retired professional ice hockey defenceman I mean like uh I mean you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know um so who played ten seasons with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored he scored he scored he scored he scored he scored he he he he he he he he he he he scored he scored he scored he scored he scored a total of seven league goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals in the 2007 - 08 season; however, because okay so um um uh so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um well of the number of games he played for both Charlton and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these despite these despite these despite these despite these despite these despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite these despite these despite these despite these despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was was was was was was was was was was was never put into action due okay okay uh I mean well um well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh to limitations in funds and the belief that the tides of of of of of of of of of of of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long long long long long long long long long long long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December on December on December on December on December on December on December December December December December December December December December December December on December on December on December on December 24, 'The Interview' was made made made made made made made made made made made available on online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with the Northeast corner okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh I mean uh so well well okay was occupied by the the the the the the the the the the the Wingham Hotel or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on Yablonski's complaints while he I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know um um I mean you know well lived, but after his murder, Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he sells jars of his mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's uh you know you know like uh so like I mean uh like homemade Pesto sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, sauce, and tells the camera that his mother has never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are a division of the um um um um um um um um um um um like like okay um I mean I mean I mean okay okay Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left arm while Sheamus' was in in in in in in in in in in in so well I mean um um like like well well well the ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes ropes and refused to stop at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first hearing in 100 years, took so so so so so so so so so so so uh um so you know um I mean you know so I mean place place place place place place place place place place place at the Golders Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe Paterno, former head coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach uh I mean okay you know you know okay like well like uh of the the the the the the the the the the the Penn State Nittany Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was okay well you know um um um um um um um um um um um like uh um okay like so commissioned by Paterno friends and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet and after spending one well um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like you know so okay uh and a a a a a a a a a a a half years in Kalimpong he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided the Q of the transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting transmitting uh you know um well I mean well so okay like well circuit is is is is is is is is is is is significantly greater than the coupling coefficient, then much of the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a following a following a following a following a following a following following following following following following following following following following following a following a following a following a following a peace deal signed on March March March March March March March March March March March 4, 2007, it was considered a possibility um like you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know um okay okay that Soro would be named prime minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to sign the relatively I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean you know well well uh uh well so unknown Joie De Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre (formerly of Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, in 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and equipments worth hundreds of thousands of of of of of of of of of of of dollars you know well okay you know I mean like well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like to her home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in this process, and to this this this this this this this this this this this end, the well okay well like so you know I mean you know uh um 51st Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in in in in in in in in in in in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, teams had to construct two two two two two two two two two two two berimbaus using plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and Magic, was given the like like like like like like like like like like like okay like I mean okay I mean um you know um well role, and and and and and and and and and and and digitally added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is best known for his leading role in the Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' I mean okay I mean okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for him to relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of blessings of blessings of blessings of of of of of of of of of of of blessings of blessings of blessings of blessings of blessings of blessings of blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in the business to David Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson Thompson um like so um so so you know well well well who began Owen Owens expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity the the the the the the the the the the the popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity of the song made made made made made made made made made made made the group to appear on MTV's 'TRL' in um I mean okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh okay so the U. S. Early 2001 and the the the the the the the the the the the song was added to the track list of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for example, many criminals display this type type type type type type type type type type type of selfish behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake for the town of Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Hill, like I mean uh um uh you know you know um well so western western western western western western western western western western western New South Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched he switched he switched he switched he switched he switched he switched he he he he he he he he he he he switched he switched he switched he switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana Boy', which was published in 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 like like okay you know okay uh you know I mean okay well ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( re-issued as 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times mostly because of the regime regime regime regime regime regime regime regime regime regime regime change um so well so you know um well well well okay in the country, for example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in the 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately um well okay I mean um you know um um uh uh brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought into the Essendon team for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had he had he had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had had had had had he had he had he had he had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs which are connected you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean well so I mean so I mean okay with with with with with with with with with with with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played there until 1943 after which which which which which which which which which which which um okay um I mean well okay well uh like I mean he played for several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line and an Italian relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare the Clare the Clare the Clare the Clare the Clare the the the the the the the the the the the Clare the Clare the Clare the Clare the Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates advocates for the principles of American conservatism - although it so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh um so I mean okay so promotes small government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous action of like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh you know okay uh okay okay neural ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued to promote the need of of of of of of of of of of of a revolutionary vanguard elite to lead okay well I mean um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well society, but he no longer advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, Kuhse, so okay um uh you know I mean you know you know uh you know in in in in in in in in in in in which the authors examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the the the the the the the the the the the Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter Rand Transportation Center is a a a a a a a a a a a transportation hub located at Martin Luther I mean I mean I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know um King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, New Jersey served by by by by by by by by by by by the River LINE, the Broadway Station of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, in 1930, he continued his his his his his his his his his his his career in the International Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him to the Defense Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council but uh okay okay I mean um I mean well okay okay well the the the the the the the the the the the Quaid - i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to fly, which is only only only only only only only only only only only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but by who? , tom shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows okay you know okay like like uh so you know uh so his sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters who can not help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the the the the the the the the the the the main square in Zlin by well like well so um you know so like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean thousands of people cheering him and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and / or disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect disinfect that are less well like you know well I mean uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so damaging to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender in the 2000s following the drafting like like like like like like like like like like like like well like okay so so like I mean so of several players, among among among among among among among among among among among them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so okay okay I mean um uh Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars and after the First World War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, originally consisting of a triptych, and like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so like so uh like okay well the central part of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis G. Pike, is is is is is is is is is is is the well so uh okay you know you know well you know like um um um um um um um um um um um only federally designated wilderness area in New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress has decided that abortion is legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal well uh you know so you know okay like I mean uh like until until until until until until until until until until until the soul enters the body, which is specified as the moment a person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long leat which dates okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay so you know um I mean so you know like from 1493 along with with with with with with with with with with with some meadows were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, where he was a three three three three three three three three three three three - I mean um well well um okay you know uh you know uh year year year year year year year year year year year starter and played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, McGee came in to you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean you know well you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know replace the injured Kitna, and made his first regular season touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown pass, completing the game well you know you know you know like like so well well well well well well well well well well well so okay with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and graduated from International Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Arts Academy after which he moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same year. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was she was she was she was she was she was she was was was was was was was was was was was she was she was she was she was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 to 1957, training like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh you know you know um well uh like in Nevada and California and eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell that that that that that that that that that that that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, afterthought, as he soon became fixated like uh like uh like so okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on marrying Anna, which she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old maps in the secret archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, I mean so I mean okay okay well like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and even those which Xiao He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a series of ex-service uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know um well like okay so well um men and women helped by Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at the charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing regular assignments, they participate like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like I mean well you know um you know in quests, aimed at solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time some time some time some time some time some time some time time time time time time time time time time time some time some time some time some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the Younger was a brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother well so um uh you know like you know well um well of of of of of of of of of of of the apostle Matthew and the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company was under investigation by the the the the the the the the the the the attorney so I mean okay well well uh okay you know so okay generals' offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices offices of 15 separate states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists Federalists over Jay's Treaty, perceived as too okay so I mean uh okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well so favorable to Britain, while the French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well like well so I mean like um well PAEC) and led the effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort effort to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and established like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like like um okay rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional Australian cricketer who currently um um um um um um um um um um um so you know so you know you know okay you know you know well plays plays plays plays plays plays plays plays plays plays plays first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform campaign centered around well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know well I mean well I mean I mean well like EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 goals for the Bulldogs before before before before before before before before before before before um so you know like uh so well um uh okay he played his his his his his his his his his his his last game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari on loan for the you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well well okay I mean like like so like season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, with Bari having the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the following the following the following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following following following following following the following the following the following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th Special Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Brigade, who also suffered uh uh okay so so um okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know badly during the run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the three Série 9100 diesel railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars railcars so so I mean okay you know um like I mean well um were were were were were were were were were were were built for the line in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her her her her her her her her her her her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy was only a part part part part part part part part part part part of her responsibilities; she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable controversy over the colour of the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian okay um I mean um I mean well like well well like flags used used used used used used used used used used used at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament house in Canberra, where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled Exit 19, revolving around uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh you know uh well uh so a single mother who struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI requesting to be be be be be be be be be be be released from so um okay like okay I mean um um well so the priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, in which he admitted molesting children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is not equivalent to the the the the the the the the the the the distance uh well uh I mean okay so I mean you know like okay in normal space; two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Gaga since summer 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, so like um uh well you know well you know I mean like they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published translations of Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was was was was was was was was was was was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar drafted a petition containing okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like so uh okay you know like okay similar language to the convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the the the the the after the after the after the after the game, they are seen walking in the car park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, and as one of well like I mean uh well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh so them attempts to unlock the door with his key, they hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear a strange noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught himself by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring well - well well like um well I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know known football players from national teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk 'risk everything' - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by buses and jeepneys that that that that that that that that that that that serve the so like I mean I mean uh uh well okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean Taft Avenue and nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by the Hillary Clinton like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um you know I mean like okay 2008 presidential campaign as well well well well well well well well well well well as on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for pancreatic cancer, and so so so so so so so so so so so like well um like I mean okay like well well was unable to attend the read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit. 'Song of the Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Family' ) was so you know okay I mean I mean uh uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh originally a poem written by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu pu pu pu pu pu pu pu pu pu pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to put put put put put put put put put put put to paper a series of okay um like I mean I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean captivating, colorful stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder of Saudi Binladin Group Group Group Group Group Group Group Group Group Group Group like you know well I mean you know so uh uh um like and and and and and and and and and and and a half - brother and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the Iranian government's English - language language language language language language language language language language language TV channel well um uh like you know so so so well um until until until until until until until until until until until December 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the breeding pair of the pack, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know well okay like okay uh I mean indicating they do not not not not not not not not not not not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an British TV chef and and and and and and and and and and and so I mean like so you know like so um um well actor he originally trained as as as as as as as as as as as a chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del Río Province and okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay I mean well um okay you know profits were initially robust robust robust robust robust robust robust robust robust robust robust enough that Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more crops when Michonne I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh uh well so um well well (Danai Gurira) returns having been been been been been been been been been been been away hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the the the the the the the the the the the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his friend and instead joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins forces okay well um uh I mean uh okay like um well with Yash to execute execute execute execute execute execute execute execute execute execute execute a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than than than than than than than than than than than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, the wheelbase uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um so I mean you know okay is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were channel eastwards by German German German German German German German German German German German machine okay I mean well you know you know like uh uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean gun fire, simultaneously, units of the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned he earned he earned he earned he earned he earned he earned he earned earned earned earned earned earned earned earned earned earned earned he earned he earned he earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the Pontifical Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in I mean so like uh you know like I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so okay Rome, Italy, and was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real her real her real her real her real her real her real her real real real real real real real real real real real her real her real her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize for the longest flight from I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay like so okay like um well England to the Continent in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has has has has has has has has has has has been taking water from the reservoir like so okay like you know so um um um um um um um um um um um so okay so to use for m mayor William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous times pressing Senators okay like uh well so okay well you know like I mean Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Russell, Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more than minimal governmental intervention in in in in in in in in in in in so um you know I mean so so so so uh uh personal liberties and and and and and and and and and and and the economy is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the John Rylands University University University University University University University University University University University Library, merged in okay you know okay uh like okay like you know um okay 1972 and the special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD the SFD the SFD the SFD the SFD the SFD the SFD the the the the the the the the the the the SFD the SFD the SFD the SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services services services services services services services services services services services level with about half like so uh I mean uh so okay like um like like like like like like like like like like like the firefighters being Certified First Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, the film, the film, the film, the film, the film, the film, film, film, film, film, film, film, film, film, film, film, the film, the film, the film, the film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems problems with piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very much greater in West Africa um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean like like so so uh I mean so than in the regions from which which which which which which which which which which which the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith keith keith keith keith keith keith keith keith keith keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere of South and has helped the um like you know so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um um um okay school reach academic excellence over the other two two two two two two two two two two two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to die for killing Tara or or or or or or or or or or or well uh like you know you know you know okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know Katrina, but she and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, uh okay I mean so um so okay well um so did not seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek re-election and won by a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such as Nicki Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj Minaj and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent with her siblings to complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete her education um so well you know so like uh you know like so in in in in in in in in in in in Leiden, The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods Woods wrote the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) was a popular uh so like you know um I mean so well um um um um um um um um um um um so Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to test the effects of toxins on on on on on on on on on on on an like you know okay you know okay um I mean like like you know ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, ecosystem, which makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo for 'Breakfast in NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', NYC', directed by Brian Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his tactics simpler and easier for for for for for for for for for for for uh well so so well well like so well like them to follow, and intelligence on on on on on on on on on on on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the Mount Nebo, a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well well okay okay like okay I mean so triple peak rising rising rising rising rising rising rising rising rising rising rising above Nephi, Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar the templar the templar the templar the templar the templar the templar templar templar templar templar templar templar templar templar templar templar the templar the templar the templar the templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the meantime, and together sink a a a a a a a a a a a straggler from the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce and none of which which which which which which which which which which which lasted more well like I mean like uh um uh so um well than than than than than than than than than than than three years, she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like you know uh okay so um like so spring 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, the group released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage to various areas of the Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific coast in well I mean you know I mean okay you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so northeast Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and he wrote under the the the the the the the the the the the name um uh like I mean well like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay of Nagari Dās, as well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the American lifestyle to millions of of of of of of of of of of of so so I mean you know okay like I mean um I mean like Chinese viewers and and and and and and and and and and and her role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting GIFs, Gould began watching well well well well well well well well well well well so um you know you know like you know um okay I mean flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have been preserved with no. 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Road in Shoreditch, and worked with with with with with with with with with with with okay so so you know well um I mean you know uh you know many of the artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon amon amon amon amon amon amon amon amon amon amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, I mean well well well like so you know like so like artist's model model model model model model model model model model model and theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more pleased with the the the the the the the the the the the production of 'Soul I mean like so um you know uh I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like so - Crusher' than any other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the University of Abuja, and a master's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um well I mean like like okay degree graduate in Directing at the the the the the the the the the the the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in Indian economy in the globalisaton context context context context context context context context context context context like uh okay well I mean um you know like I mean so was was was was was was was was was was was first of kind in the country. The book in this area is two volumes so so so so so so so so so so so so um okay I mean uh you know uh you know so published with the co operation of 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and as the Ambassador was uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um like uh okay uh so about to do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so like okay you know like uh you know okay the prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent prevalent view today is that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from China's Qing dynasty, and and and and and and and and and and and after three uh so well uh so okay I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay days the revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield the airfield at Duxford is now home to a a a a a a a a a a a large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal Normal School I mean like like like well um so so well so for Colored Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the Toms River Regional Schools, a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know uh okay like okay well okay regional public school school school school school school school school school school school system primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the city and trade virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually well uh uh okay you know like uh I mean um well stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil to have won a national title title title title title title title title title title title you know like okay so I mean like I mean well uh like - the the the the the the the the the the the 1973 Torneio do Povo and to have competed in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in this sense -- in in in in in in in in in in in you know I mean like so um uh like okay so well humans, there there there there there there there there there there there are believed to be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to fans, due to the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact okay so uh I mean okay okay I mean well so okay that Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Fletcher was unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this at this at this at this at this at this at this at at at at at at at at at at at this at this at this at this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the the the the the the the the the the the river 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, you know okay uh like well well well well well well well well well well well so um like uh okay and 54km southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as as as as as as as as as as as a difficult, strictly monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was captain of the Enterprise you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh um like so like you know you know in in in in in in in in in in in 1814 during two voyages from Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the Lebanese National Anthem and and and and and and and and and and and okay like so well um well you know okay um like another of of of of of of of of of of of the Lebanese Forces Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson took 170 Test wickets at so so so so so so so so so so so like well I mean so so okay uh so um 19. 25 in 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 Tests, and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway greenway married greenway married greenway married greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is is is is is is is is is is is baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is considered to be one of the future future future future future future future future future future future domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, like I mean so I mean uh you know so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of which is land and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson in Love', which follows well you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh okay uh okay um I mean um a young Hasidic couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple who venture out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of of of of some of some of some of some of some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and is considered an uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well well well you know uh so I mean above - average skater he also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four - of - a - um um um um um um um um um um um well well well I mean well okay so um like kind and try to to to to to to to to to to to throw a Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player the player the player the player player player player player player player player player player player the player the player the player the player the player the player the player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he will kill anyone you know well well well well well well well well well well well so like well um okay you know I mean like who comes to find him before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was was was was was was was was was was was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were regrouping but but but but but but but but but but but this time with so so uh you know like so well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well only three members, Paige having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island capones Island capones Island capones Island capones Island capones Island capones Island capones Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island Island capones Island capones Island capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as much as 1 percent of a country's population; population; population; population; population; population; population; population; population; population; population; the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants and landowners; the the the the the the the the the the the mayor was so okay uh so like well uh okay uh like titled the 'Sovereign of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter of the Union of I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um you know okay okay uh well um um Clare Students which which which which which which which which which which which was padded out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium cell signalling pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways pathways by binding okay um uh uh you know you know I mean so well um to Ca 2 +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), and and and and and and and and and and and automatic downstep, where a H following like uh like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know so a L is always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was was was was was was was was was was was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was a common form of collateral in West Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, which involved the pledge like okay so uh you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well like of a person ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that that that that that that that that that that that they are now more intelligent okay so I mean I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like you know and can speak. They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the Lightning to replace the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well well I mean like uh you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account that the RAAF Hudson's crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew failed like you know so um uh well well um well um to report report report report report report report report report report report the sighting until after they had landed and even had tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of succession and by the the the the the the the the the the the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you can knock when when when when when when when when when when when it's I mean well uh uh uh um uh you know um um your your your your your your your your your your your turn with 7 or less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from the institute had had had had had had had had had had had collaborated with Laine okay well okay uh uh okay okay I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know on information by for his the book about the founder of the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was the Attorney General General General General General General General General General General General of Arizona, okay I mean you know well you know so um I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well from 2003 to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the in the summer of 1969 riots again erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted erupted after an Omaha police officer well I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um um you know well so okay fatally shot a teenager named Vivian Strong in the the the the the the the the the the the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York Telephone before he was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean well uh so so I mean well elected to the the the the the the the the the the the New York State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation for seronegative disease (i. E. False False False False False False False False False False False you know I mean like like so I mean okay um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know - negative antibody tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have have have have have have have have have have have shown that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow and South Western Railway, but so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well well you know like um you know other companies made little little little little little little little little little little little use of it; however the general goods terminal at you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well I mean uh so uh uh College became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute the mute the mute the mute the mute the mute the the the the the the the the the the the mute the mute the mute the mute the mute throws down a rope to allow him him him him him him him him him him him to escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the live set - we like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um well I mean um well I mean shot the video last last last last last last last last last last last week and invited a bunch of our friends and fans down to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW the the the the the the the the the the the ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division ATC' (ICD - ATC), okay I mean okay like you know um um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international relations and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Ryle, without the inclusion of of of of of of of of of of of okay well like so so I mean so you know okay okay Bell as a a a a a a a a a a a co-recipient, which stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later After a three year year year year year year year year year year year curacy um you know so um you know you know so so well well well well well well well well well well well like in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) and spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike Conley, who had gotten well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know um I mean um uh well well into foul trouble, during his 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died 15 March 1950) was um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know well you know so okay so an American professional pool pool pool pool pool pool pool pool pool pool pool player, a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film some film some film some film some film some film some some some some some some some some some some some film some film some film some film some film sources have said that the the the the the the the the the the the film was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the NIST standard RBAC and and and and and and and and and and and provides a you know okay um I mean so okay uh like so like privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in in in in in in in in in in in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from from from from from from from from from from from an inorganic acid or so okay like okay uh um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so uh organic acid in which at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is the differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation differentiation of so so like um okay well um um okay so intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC as a studio analyst for for for for for for for for for for for like like you know so uh you know like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent towards everybody else, including including including including including including including including including including including uh um well I mean you know so uh like uh like the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises the premises the premises the premises the premises the premises the premises premises premises premises premises premises premises premises premises premises premises the premises the premises the premises the premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 1910 - 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on behalf of the CILIP who I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um uh like uh I mean so uh assumed the ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership of the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season this season this season this season this season this season this season season season season season season season season season season season this season this season this season this season will mark the show's debut on the FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed freitas competed for his native country and won won won won won won won won won won won a silver medal at the you know so um uh so well um well like like like like like like like like like like like well Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other product in the roofing market, so so so so so so so so so so so it is fitting that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication (sintering) technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology developed by uh well well you know uh um uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know EOS of Munich, Germany, often confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, and refers to the spears spears spears spears spears spears spears spears spears spears spears I mean um you know um well okay uh okay so so (there is a a a a a a a a a a a better, liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half - brothers one who so well well well well well well well well well well well so so so okay you know uh I mean um is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma, where he was heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical family in Pre-Partition India as so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well so well so you know like the youngest of the three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the in the in the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested suggested that serial killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married he married he married he married he married he married he married he married married married married married married married married married married married he married he married he married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle Newcastle and his eldest so well like so I mean okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge! ', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from all around the world though though though though though though though though though though though like so uh like well uh um um you know so the vast majority are Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one who gets into school, going going going going going going going going going going going like uh I mean okay well like like okay um okay from grade 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 - 7 with students then expected to pass the exams set like um um um um um um um um um um um like so okay um um um you know well by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was marked for life by um um um um um um um um um um um um so okay you know you know uh you know like uh the horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors horrors of the Revolution when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six in men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed on a surface - the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well so you know um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean STM image may appear to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male all male all male all male all male all male all male all male male male male male male male male male male male all male all male all male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to that of of of of of of of of of of of Jan Be, who well like um you know uh uh okay so you know um um um um um um um um um um um is also known for his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with the oxide anion, O 2 like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like like uh so like −, and the fluoride anion, F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was was was was was was was was was was was an um um like you know okay okay um um well well English noblewoman, daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she was born as uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay uh you know like so uh Ada C C C C C C C C C C C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from the mainstream social world and like like like like like like like like like like like well uh like uh okay you know like well like complete commitment to liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation liberation from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular the popular the popular the popular the popular the popular the popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular the popular the popular the popular the popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first his first his first his first his first his first his first first first first first first first first first first first his first his first his first his first action was to move against the the the the the the the the the the the barbarian tribes that had been gathered by well okay I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know so well well well Aurelian for his Eastern campaign, and which which which which which which which which which which which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and some prose. Many og the writings I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh you know well I mean you know well I mean I mean were were were were were were were were were were were of high quality and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician of Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is shown to be a um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well well well um um well weak, shy, and lonely boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from from from from from from from from from from from okay um well uh like like well okay um uh the Netherlands, was brought to to to to to to to to to to to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own right begins in the 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th century well uh you know well I mean like uh you know okay uh BC with with with with with with with with with with with the Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were there were there were there were there were there were there were there were were were were were were were were were were were there were there were there were rumours of a few scenes of love between Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin and Padmini in this well so um so well so uh um um um film, which which which which which which which which which which which led to protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing after losing after losing after losing after losing after losing after losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing after losing after losing after losing after losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San San San San San San San San San San San Juan Hill began to fire I mean like I mean um so well well you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh on the Rough Riders' newly won position on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 to 1924 and Jr. Master from from from from from from from from from from from you know okay like so so I mean I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know 1924 to 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian police force founded in in in in in in in in in in in I mean you know uh I mean I mean I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so so 1844 by Queen Isabel II of Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid down their arms and received received received received received received received received received received received um I mean um I mean you know you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like monetary compensation from the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move to Royal Antwerp FC however however however however however however however however however however however okay well you know um so um so I mean um uh due due due due due due due due due due due to homesickness McStay ended his contract with the Belgian club at the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with the 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th 106th Observation Squadron of okay so like um you know um so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know the Alabama National guard which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he returned to New York uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean well like I mean you know like so so in 1953 and started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard of it, he felt that uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know you know um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um Sumner's behavior merited less than a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being called Johnny Devine as well well well well well well well well well well well as so like so you know like I mean um okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well betraying his fellow X Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is her first single for Republic Nashville, and and and and and and and and and and and served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board statewide board statewide board statewide board statewide board statewide board statewide board board board board board board board board board board board statewide board statewide board statewide board statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the period period period period period period period period period period period of I mean I mean okay uh okay well I mean um um you you you you you you you you you you you know secondary education and students who qualify are allowed to pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a registered society in 1986 by by by by by by by by by by by the like well so uh you know uh okay like you know um Ministry of Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions several religions several religions several religions several religions several religions several religions several several several several several several several several several several several religions several religions several religions several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary Festival in Zürich and you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so you know like um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know in June 2014, he took part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if the song is notably about about about about about about about about about about about Portland, so you know uh well so um so uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like although the song may additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples in them that have not not not not not not not not not not not okay so um you know I mean okay so well so uh been cleared, however there there there there there there there there there there there is generally no legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was was was was was was was was was was was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was part of the team that created the new new new new new new new new new new new FM all - sports format and had like so so um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um you know so success against WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise that until the mid 20th century houses houses houses houses houses houses houses houses houses houses houses uh like well I mean okay I mean okay like um okay were heated by by by by by by by by by by by open fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving on to Fangor, before so so so so so so so so so so so uh like you know you know like okay like well like joining the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available with either 2. 5 - - - - - - - - - - - uh I mean like so like so so so okay like or 3. 5 - - - - - - - - - - - litre engines, and it had a more streamlined okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well so so well uh appearance than pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup of friends looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for the ultimate high try their hands at a ouija you know okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so uh uh um board, they don't realize at first first first first first first first first first first first that they have summonned a jinn, who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of one of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of the reasons for his early popularity was was was was was was was was was was was his post-match courtesy to the fans; so so well uh uh like like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like after each match, he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the IRA no longer had a Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief like like I mean okay like like okay like um like of Staff, there there there there there there there there there there there was no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write religious verses, however the ninth Guru, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh uh you know um I mean uh I mean Guru Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Tegh Bahadur did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, was that the material so well well well well well well well well well well well um um you know you know you know um well well was pulled up from from from from from from from from from from from the offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their houses. Apparantly, the leopard was was was was was was was was was was was so you know okay well uh like you know you know well so okay bold bold bold bold bold bold bold bold bold bold bold that it would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought out and and and and and and and and and and and found you know okay I mean um I mean I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean him; he lost his entire fortune and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to the dragon, but the memory uh so so so so so so so so so so so um you know I mean well okay I mean uh okay of tying her to to to to to to to to to to to the stake, awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, still uh okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay okay like you know sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End of the War', was was was was was was was was was was was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British British British British British British British British British British British Labour Co-operative politician, you know um okay well like um uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay who was elected the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information from so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so um you know uh I mean his mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother but she never recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the world, they do do do do do do do do do do do not show I mean well uh so uh you know I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh much; in a Christmas special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and John Olsen had successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully okay I mean well like I mean well well um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag year the second outing of Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight um like um you know you know uh okay okay okay okay Women was far far far far far far far far far far far more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is is is is is is is is is is is considered I mean like okay uh so okay I mean well like I mean one of the greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the is the is the is the is the is the is the the the the the the the the the the the is the is the is the is the only BMT Broadway service that does not not not not not not not not not not not stop here, since it um you know like so um um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know bypasses using the center express tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village the village the village the village the village the village the village village village village village village village village village village village the village the village the village the village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Arms, The Horse and Jockey and um okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well like so the Robin Hood, two Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city of Palmerston North about 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 km I mean like okay so um um um you know well okay west of of of of of of of of of of of it, passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately he announced the firing um um um um um um um um um um um like okay like I mean okay well okay so like of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded California champion Bertrando, future future future future future future future future future future future Eclipse Award winner, well um I mean well okay well like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know who came into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are several amenities in the village such as the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St St St St St St St St St St St. Albert, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman uh um uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh well I mean who made his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as 'Americans', a term deriving from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so well uh well um you know okay 'America'; in the English English English English English English English English English English English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be done in private, but the the the the the the the the the the the uh like you know like um you know I mean so uh like like like like like like like like like like like pagan priests said it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean like like so you know like Major League Baseball second second second second second second second second second second second baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and Francine blames Stan, until they realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize well well like you know well well like I mean well well that 'Steve', who who who who who who who who who who who was missing, put them in the goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities as the Jardín Botánico, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well so well well like um which has been claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC 109 by unanimous decision um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like uh you know um so you know so with all all all all all all all all all all all three judges scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from Corey Hart to to to to to to to to to to to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died February 22, 2007 in in in in in in in in in in in Los you know so okay I mean so you know uh well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know Angeles) was a rock drummer and session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their their their their their their their their their their their opener, thus setting the record you know okay well uh so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like for most consecutive losses during a single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies (NHS) has, since since since since since since since since since since since its well uh like so I mean um well I mean so I mean founding founding founding founding founding founding founding founding founding founding founding in 1903, been at the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, Jim found a like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well so you know um well um you know so position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, and was accused okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um I mean uh well so uh of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the since the since the since the since the since the since since since since since since since since since since since the since the since the since the since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no no no no no no no no no no no need for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), among the most active active active active active active active active active active active seismic well uh so I mean uh well um I mean like um areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas in the Southeastern United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- 5 December 1991) like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well okay I mean uh I mean so well was a German German German German German German German German German German German naval officer during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham graham graham graham graham graham graham graham graham graham graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an in an in an in an in an in an in an an an an an an an an an an an in an in an in an in an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed two album tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run you know okay so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well well so for Cover': '(' Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric alyric video was released released released released released released released released released released released on February 1, 2017, featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent a number of months months months months months months months months months months months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team team team team team team team team team team team that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and editorial board for the database and you you you you you you you you you you you know so well so like like I mean well like so its network of over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2. 5 million dollars, in so like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay you know um uh I mean um addition to the the the the the the the the the the the millions who watched on closed - circuit screens around the world the like like like like like like like like like like like so like okay okay like well okay uh well Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team title in 24 years so so so so so so so so so so so well like well like I mean so um I mean well despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite the fact that no senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in English by the term term term term term term term term term term term um so okay you know so I mean okay okay you know uh onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with I - 84; the eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern I mean like so so um you know um so so so terminus 13th Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street in downtown Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is is is is is is is is is is is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is warGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the the the the the the the the the the the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to to to to to to to to to to to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding to the five forms of of of of of of of of of of of entry, well so so so you know um uh well um you know And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, ', in which he argued argued argued argued argued argued argued argued argued argued argued I mean like you know you know you know you know like so so so so so so so so so so so well so that the cockfight served as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and and and and and and and and and and and adopted 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life 2', an amputated part part part part part part part part part part part so like okay you know uh okay you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know of it exists as an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first professor of preventive medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine uh you know like like uh I mean um you know um okay of the the the the the the the the the the the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police Department who is assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned to so uh like well you know I mean um okay like like investigate the murder of of of of of of of of of of of a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells philip philip philip philip philip philip philip philip philip philip philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to to to to to to to to to to to Kingsbridge Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday who lived in a Western dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension uh you know okay uh so uh okay well okay I mean did away with the the the the the the the the the the the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let this let this let this let this let this let this let this this this this this this this this this this this let this let this let this let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation program and after finding like like like like like like like like like like like so okay you know you know I mean so uh so you know out that he he he he he he he he he he he had only a few months left to live, he committed suicide uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so well uh like well well I mean you know on 11 July by by by by by by by by by by by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most unlike most unlike most unlike most unlike most unlike most unlike most unlike most most most most most most most most most most most unlike most unlike most unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic to a postsynaptic I mean um like okay like well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay neuron, the small nitric oxide molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was quite normal for a fighter - - - - - - - - - - - sized I mean okay uh well okay so I mean well uh like target) target) target) target) target) target) target) target) target) target) target) and the loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that on midnight, that day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, I mean so well so so I mean uh like um like the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak - otak - otak - otak - otak - otak otak otak otak otak otak otak otak otak otak otak - otak - otak - otak - otak - otak is made by mixing fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish paste (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order of Merit, Ccoming after a a a a a a a a a a a titanic you know I mean well um I mean you know so so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay battle with Paul Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the the the the the the the the the the the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse City Junior High was built in the 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied by several bus lanes of the the the the the the the the the the the like um like you know uh you know well like I mean okay Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South South South South South South South South South South South of south of south of south of south of south of south of south of south of south of south of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, romania, from romania, from romania, from romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is located in the growing south side of the the the the the the the the the the the city, at the southwest I mean well okay well um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other obstacle the tank would would would would would would would would would would would stop and the rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 acres that was split split split split split split split split split split split well like like um okay I mean okay well okay like off the Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Mill property by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services were crowded out and and and and and and and and and and and became non-competitive okay I mean so like you know I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um well on world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns well well well well well well well well well well well okay well I mean I mean you know like okay you know well ranga to leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage I mean um um um I mean so well so you know uh to the underlying bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a criminal or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in London on 1 April April April April April April April April April April April so uh well like I mean okay so okay uh I mean 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is a U. S. National I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know uh uh okay like well so Historic Landmark (designated as such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent balloons, known in - game as as as as as as as as as as as um you know um I mean okay okay okay you know uh you know 'bloons,' from from from from from from from from from from from reaching the end of a defined track on a playing field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky or sandy and the football team team team team team team team team team team team so um I mean um like like uh uh like I mean found it it it it it it it it it it it difficult to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois DuBois and um well I mean I mean okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um Taylor,' her companion, 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, with an estimated 229 km² of I mean well okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like so evergreen forest lost in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks and adorned with with with with with with with with with with with 18 well I mean like I mean like okay well so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters presenters on BBC 2's flagship um so uh like like um well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him in absentia, and she she she she she she she she she she she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh okay you know okay okay um uh 1994, and he briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky 'Icky uh uh um uh I mean you know well so well I mean Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' Thump' in 2007 before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was not reinstated in the I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know um okay so okay well I mean I mean Second Second Second Second Second Second Second Second Second Second Second Division and they played in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function can now be seen to to to to to to to to to to to be you know um I mean well well um so so like like carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying out these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us to ask new so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know I mean okay um I mean kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico uh you know like I mean so uh you know uh so um Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal 11, Once Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um so um um well applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over 8000 runs in his his his his his his his his his his his career well uh uh like well I mean I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean yet has failed to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second the second the second the second the second the second the second the the the the the the the the the the the second the second the second the second tube was in lifted into place 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 January 1850, a single line was okay you know like I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know so open to public traffic through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part of various bands until until until until until until until until until until until okay you know like you know okay uh like okay okay like deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have some have some have some have some have some have some have have have have have have have have have have have some have some have some have some have criticized the game for not allowing the player player player player player player player player player player player to actually control Poirot; okay you know um like you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like um well the developers explained this choice by saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes throughout the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, uh I mean uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean uh bronze statuettes, bowls and other objects including statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared it appeared on 'Album of the Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' Year' lists of seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an an an an an an an an an an an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic group is a group of people whose members identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the end of the 2010 I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well okay um I mean like like okay like season, with ten, including best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of people in five continents, well so like like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean like you know um like every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully recover and some parts of it it it it it it it it it it it okay uh uh so um you know so uh I mean like remained icy, he he he he he he he he he he he was unable to return them to normal, he became afraid well okay well so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like um you know uh of it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in space, but remain unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged unchanged you know like um you know I mean okay well um so okay with with with with with with with with with with with respect to time; time crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with numerous academic papers and and and and and and and and and and and is um well like um so I mean you know like well you know know know know know know know know know know know probably best known for his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in the league, VfB Oldenburg and and and and and and and and and and and um like um um you know well uh okay like so SV Meppen, both both both both both both both both both both both promoted from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items of clothing for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like you know I mean um you know well I mean his 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Academy's former Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - born writer, currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently distinguished I mean okay okay um okay you know like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know professor at the Graduate Center of City University of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is is is is is is is is is is is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd command (print working directory) is used used used used used used used used used used used to print the name of current working you know I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um okay so directory, if the shell prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to to to to to to to to to to to typeinfo, however, many compilers well well so okay you know like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well will not let you assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, a competitive offering to to to to to to to to to to to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead of standing for regrets' répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez répondez s'il uh um like like okay well I mean like I mean you know vous vous vous vous vous vous vous vous vous vous vous plaît', are there to reassure the invitee that there would be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning as explained uh you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well like so uh above except in Malakand Division, where a district ( 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association the Association the Association the Association the Association the Association the Association the the the the the the the the the the the Association the Association the Association the Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage (APLH), is an initiative launched by so you know um um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um young Lebanese artists / intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was an Irish republican hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger striker and a volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo Crews to qualify for like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh um I mean I mean okay you know the Money in the the the the the the the the the the the Bank ladder match at the Money in the Bank you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like well I mean um so uh pay - per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city of the like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um like so you know I mean uh world, with Wall Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street leading America's ascendancy and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis of their personal appeal and you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh um like well I mean I mean you know you know also also also also also also also also also also also those candidates who are sidelined by party political rivals within party but confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - rise buildings within Midtown like like like like like like like like like like like okay so um like I mean well you know you know like Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex and her love of acting began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in changes in changes in changes in changes in changes in changes in in in in in in in in in in in changes in changes in changes in changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest his quest his quest his quest his quest his quest his quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest his quest his quest his quest his quest to find her will lead him to to to to to to to to to to to new allies and a startling revelation so well uh you know like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well uh about the Mogadorians' plan for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research video Research video Research video Research video Research video Research video Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research video Research video Research video Research video Research Ltd. Is one of the more more more more more more more more more more more reliable firms, and more television well okay you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an of the United States Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, Navy, like like well okay uh I mean okay uh so okay named after 'Thuban', the the the the the the the the the the the primary star in the constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years some years some years some years some years some years some some some some some some some some some some some years some years some years some years some years later, as the Dauphin is a a a a a a a a a a a boy, villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the Central American Football Union Union Union Union Union Union Union Union Union Union Union (UNCAF) entered well you know okay you know okay so uh okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know the qualifying competition, and they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri Khanduri or B you know like well uh uh okay uh okay um um. C. Khanduri, (born 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the Man in Grey for for for for for for for for for for for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, with the radar mounted in in in in in in in in in in in a you know uh I mean well uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well Halifax bomber, the scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He persuaded UNC to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean well uh um uh okay I mean build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian state in I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like so so I mean um uh eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops from the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is an ongoing partnership with with with with with with with with with with with the National you know so okay um I mean okay uh like um I mean Geographic Society to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese like you know um uh you know well so so so um Kirishitan (Christian) general who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated in the highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational bands and artits such as uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well I mean so okay um um like Cat Power, Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Three, Batrider and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month with a blush on on on on on on on on on on on his face, I mean okay like um uh uh I mean well um um but but but but but but but but but but but was reduced to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of posts in Lincolnshire and you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know well well you know like you know well so undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent for King Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient and later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd century A. D. It was was was was was was was was was was was well I mean like I mean you know well well well well I mean replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced by the Panhellenion, established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is zane is zane is zane is zane is zane is zane is zane zane zane zane zane zane zane zane zane zane zane is zane is zane is zane is a member of the general partner of Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny out of jail like like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know like so so uh uh for $ 100, 000 after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced by its success and sexual content, as as as as as as as as as as as you know um um so you know uh so well okay well its sexual - explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War the powerful radio transmitters using the the the the the the the the the the the tower well uh I mean uh well like um like um um were used to jam German German German German German German German German German German German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began as a Dutch colony, then then then then then then then then then then then was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east and west, it like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um well well okay you know you know so has traces of western western western western western western western western western western western sound like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious clash of arms between I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay I mean well so you know okay uh Māori and the British British British British British British British British British British British settlers after the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the Sassanid era was was was was was was was was was was was their I mean um well well uh I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive exercises well so like like like okay well uh like you know in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according to to to to to to to to to to to according to according to according to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small seaside town in County County County County County County County County County County County well um like you know I mean like um uh um so Down, Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland on 21 November 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending while attending while attending while attending while attending while attending while attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending while attending while attending while attending while attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, but later stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take responsibility and pull their kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids you know like okay uh you know I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean out of the activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and her first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of the Legion rebelled against the you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like okay um I mean I mean so uh Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, cement, sand and fine I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean okay well um you know you know like gravel and sometimes color tint which is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party uh well well um like so uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well (Progressive Movement for the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve world - wide fame well like well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean um um um well was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; them; them; them; them; them; them; them; them; them; them; I mean um uh uh um uh I mean you know like so also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, on occasions they turn a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down by the annual Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Špancir Festival I mean um okay okay I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know which begins at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, is served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and double accommodation cells contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained on uh well uh okay so um like well okay well 3 wings, and and and and and and and and and and and a further residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Charité, and subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently became okay like you know um uh well like uh I mean you know an assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant at the department for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with a website website website website website website website website website website website service I mean like um um okay um you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know designed so that users can learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, and he he he he he he he he he he he had three um um so so you know like so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay brothers, two of whom died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the large palaces and country okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh well you know um well I mean so estates owned by by by by by by by by by by by the Romanovs like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family Family well okay um like I mean well okay like so you know Robinson', and and and and and and and and and and and a comic series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and Morris be seen together together together together together together together together together together together around town; like um like well uh okay well um well well they liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked each other and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 - 2010 American sci um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well okay um uh um okay - fi television series 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are are are are are are are are are are are they are they are they are also considered great family pets because of their high high high high high high high high high high high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used for extended periods every day may may may may may may may may may may may be more economically operated you know I mean so okay like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable batteries may allow charging charging charging charging charging charging charging charging charging charging charging without removing uh so so like I mean well um well okay um the the the the the the the the the the the batteries; for example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these requests in an episodic manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; manner; you know so you know okay okay so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English professional football player like like like like like like like like like like like well well you know uh like like okay um like and currently plays for for for for for for for for for for for Bristol City, on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the City of Penonomé, in the the the the the the the the the the the district of los I mean so I mean you know you know like so well uh like like like like like like like like like like like Forasteros of the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians in the uh um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean uh so okay so I mean okay Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and sports facilities, so the well like um um um um um um um um um um um um well you know okay okay like uh major demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks from aircraft and submarines; later later later later later later later later later later later in well so um well like you know I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well the war, escort carriers were part of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school at Lake Washington Institute well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know um I mean like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of Technology in Redmond and graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he he he he he he he he he he he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated from Texas A&M University in College College College College College College College College College College College Station in 1954 with a well uh you know so I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so like um well degree in animal husbandry and then, as had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and and and and and and and and and and and a yeshiva high school for boys, um so so so well you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay well located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, low - lying, sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy plain is mapped as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well I mean um um okay um It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands and and and and and and and and and and and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before the start of the the the the the the the the the the the uh um I mean uh so um you know like okay well quiz and and and and and and and and and and and made be available on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and recreational facilities including the the the the the the the the the the the Eleanor London well I mean so like so I mean so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know Côte Saint - Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 after the fall of of of of of of of of of of of More Kingdom like well you know like well um you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well to Bhosales and very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like okay I mean um uh well uh like the 8 - - - - - - - - - - - hour - return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was one of the rebel leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders in I mean well like you know well well well okay uh uh Wyatt's rebellion, and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in trials of new torpedoes and uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay uh like you know you know like like hydrophone equipment on both the the the the the the the the the the the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and 1923 okay so like like like like like like like like like like like um you know well um uh so you know and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented President Brigham Young of I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um well uh um so okay uh the Church of Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter Latter - day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent feature being a large large large large large large large large large large large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, include disturbed blood flow well well well well well well well well well well well so okay um um well um um okay okay (such as in atrial fibrillation and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his his his his his his his his his his his I mean you know like uh so so I mean well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh grandfather to the title in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with Sonia, a beautiful okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean um like like you know like okay young girl, who who who who who who who who who who who is engaged to Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street Fighter' series 'popular I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well uh I mean okay well well you know well character Ibuki (who, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, has a fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg was raided by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the National Football League is I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um so well you know okay I mean so you know tentatively set set set set set set set set set set set to begin Thursday, September 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing cultural treasures of Mexico's history I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know like so like I mean well since ancient times, the most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing on wood, while the the the the the the the the the the the teeth like uh okay you know okay so okay uh okay uh of the giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members members members members members members members members members members members of the royal well well I mean okay uh I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um family which, along with the governorship of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like so well I mean like okay um for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love to Hardin, which in turn shatters so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um okay you know you know so well uh I mean his heart and later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to script differences with you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay well I mean uh um like uh the the the the the the the the the the the studio, and the director reiterated, ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer to HMS Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant (1758) in February 1772 until she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was gray was gray was gray was gray was gray was gray was gray was was was was was was was was was was was gray was gray was gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any manufactured CBC you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so like okay okay well so I mean uh can be configured for zero to to to to to to to to to to to four solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, uh so um well okay uh like uh uh um a simple and easy to to to to to to to to to to to learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New York 'New York 'New York 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP EP EP EP EP EP EP EP EP EP EP released by the Bee Gees in um well so okay um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their their their their their their their their their their their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 on on on on on on on on on on on the regular season and earning you know uh well okay um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like a berth in the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed his outspokenness to his like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know well uh like like I mean um well dismissal from FC Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former the former the former the former the former the former the former former former former former former former former former former former the former the former the former the former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio julio julio julio julio julio julio julio julio julio julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in in in in in in in in in in in Caracas) is a Venezuelan - Spanish okay so I mean I mean um um like uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know professional footballer who currently plays for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in in in in in in in in in in in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut their debut their debut their debut their debut their debut their debut their their their their their their their their their their their debut their debut their debut their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of 'P. Kovachii' in the well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know like okay I mean well uh wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild as it was found that one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy in 1963, through a a a a a a a a a a a letter, acknowledged the uh you know um okay like uh so like so um young young young young young young young young young young young artist with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end of the 2013 - like like like like like like like like like like like um uh uh well um so um um so 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear the same, by God there is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales of justice with with with with with with with with with with with its um you know uh I mean well so okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh centre - beam symbolised by the central wing of the building comprising the the the the the the the the the the the uh uh like so I mean you know okay so uh well Chief Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June in June in June in June in June in June in June in in in in in in in in in in in June in June in June in June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the on the on the on the on the on the on the on on on on on on on on on on on the on the on the on the opposite side of the road is the well well well well well well well well well well well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a retired American mixed martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial martial um uh I mean um like I mean like I mean uh um artist who who who who who who who who who who who fought for the UFC as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of the the the the the the the the the the the insulation over many years of so okay well like uh I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like like like energised service and at present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in talks with BBC to to to to to to to to to to to um so uh uh okay so uh uh you know so get Torchwood back on TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use of shims and padding padding padding padding padding padding padding padding padding padding padding can compensate for some changes, and the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he he he he he he he he he he he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied his father to Peru when he was was was was was was was was was was was appointed president of the Royal I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh uh I mean like Audiencia of Charcas, and after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes You See it it it it it it it it it it it Coming', uh um well well like well you know uh like well a graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic novel called 'Luna Park', and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would be written written written written written written written written written written written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was was was was was was was was was was was castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated inaugurated on February 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 1962) was a Republican American politician uh like so okay uh like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of the United States Air Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility serving many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well well well well well well well well well well well - known and popular personality among the uh like I mean you know so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh residents of his hometown, respected for his exploits as an an an an an an an an an an an All - American athlete and well you know so um you know well well well well well well well well well well well so so you know like a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure time, using a photographic film with with with with with with with with with with with okay well okay well uh uh okay uh like okay a higher ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the since the since the since the since the since the since the since since since since since since since since since since since the since the since the since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of of of of of of of of of of of copies have been made of the okay uh I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean well well originals, which are no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and subject painter, had had had had had had had had had had had a large practice like okay so uh you know well I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in London, and was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father his father his father his father his father his father his father his his his his his his his his his his his father his father his father his father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service Service and it I mean like you know so so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay was him who encouraged Goodwin to learn the piano from an early early early early early early early early early early early age which would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, including the murder of um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean uh you know I mean like like like its protagonist shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly after a moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture during the nineteenth century in the the the the the the the the the the the okay well you know uh so like so you know like you know city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, the lighthouse was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 one week before the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is a fictional character um well well well well well well well well well well well so you know well you know uh like uh okay created by the author J J J J J J J J J J J. K. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they when they when they when they when they when they when they when when when when when when when when when when when they when they when they when they find Manson, Peter punches him in the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was was was was was was was was was was was working on a PlayStation 3 title called you know you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh uh 'inFamous', a sandbox game based on on on on on on on on on on on a futuristic world with more photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into Lila, and the two um um um um um um um um um um um well you know okay so like well well I mean uh plan to reunite her her her her her her her her her her her with her father and allow her to take back her uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh well you know like well like place as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played he played he played he played he played he played he played he he he he he he he he he he he played he played he played he played his first pro season with their Class A A A A A A A A A A A Anderson Braves I mean I mean okay you know you know uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so in 1980, and his last with the New York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the the the the the after the after the after the after the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the the the the the the the the the the the Bulgarian Empire in the middle well like uh um like okay well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and late 13th century, most of the territory of present - day Albania okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um I mean um well I mean like well became part of the the the the the the the the the the the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during his exile in Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland 1457 okay you know I mean you know well uh well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay - 1464, and when he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both lawns and as animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal fodder, but you know um you know I mean um okay well so so so so so so so so so so so um so also some weeds that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship um um I mean like um um like you know like um um um um um um um um um um um was unveiled, and a tournament to crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor Coleridge and the you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean well okay well um you know encounter, a life life life life life life life life life life life - changing event was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, who works with the Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle Triangle you know um uh so so like well uh uh well Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system the vehicle must be moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving I mean like so well like so okay uh okay so at a a a a a a a a a a a slow speed less than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually this actually this actually this actually this actually this actually this this this this this this this this this this this actually this actually this actually this actually this actually tends to make Jughead a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit jealous, and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black Fender Stratocaster, called his um um um um um um um um um um um like okay okay you know well well I mean so like 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali the the the the the the the the the the the Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan Williamson, whom he married in in in in in in in in in in in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale of bonds, with the well like like like like like like like like like like like like you know like you know I mean you know uh um first first first first first first first first first first first issue planned to be around $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to factor these numbers, but much okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know uh I mean I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay remains unknown about their factorization; for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford so uh you know so I mean well um well so you know in Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker County, Texas, assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems to have acquired a you you you you you you you you you you you know um like okay well well well like like okay vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship which is preserved I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so I mean okay I mean you know like uh as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the approaching the approaching the approaching the approaching the approaching the approaching the the the the the the the the the the the approaching the approaching the approaching the approaching the age of sixty, during the the the the the the the the the the the ensuing two decades Walker appeared infrequently in okay well well well okay uh so like like like like like like like like like like like uh so minor roles but still maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents inez's parents inez's parents inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her her her her her her her her her her her that they are not right for like you know um um so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay well each other, prompting Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree cinema marketing company in so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh I mean I mean I mean so so I mean Malayalam in the year 2014 and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 September 1957) was an an an an an an an an an an an Irish I mean you know well so okay okay well okay I mean well poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first the first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first such contract was one to rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild rebuild 18 PCC streetcars for Route 15 well okay so I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so in Philadelphia, and later work has included restoring PCC cars for for for for for for for for for for for use on okay I mean I mean I mean uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former professional basketball player player player player player player player player player player player in I mean um okay you know you know um well like well okay the WNBA, she most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, I mean like I mean well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like like he became a monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden? ).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in born in born in born born born born born born born born born born born in born in born in born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori and Samoan descent and played rugby um you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay I mean so union until he was 14 - years - old, then then then then then then then then then then then making a switch to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as their immediate area of um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know so I mean okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh influence was about and their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the West Coast division of so like like like like like like like like like like like so um uh like okay like like uh Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships in in in in in in in in in in in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i and 'K' i' accurately from from from from from from from from from from from such plots, so you know well um well I mean um okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like it is advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded this song as a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, also known as so so so so so so so so so so so you know well so like you know well uh you know okay East East East East East East East East East East East Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto Rican parents at the age of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so uh so so so you know ten Jimmy's family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most populous urban areas in South South South South South South South South South South South - like so you know so um um so you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like Africa, after Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an an an an an an an an an an an industrial designer who created the Ducati uh I mean well so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay I mean like Monster, which is credited with popularizing the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned his books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen, and pens a a a a a a a a a a a you know so um I mean um you know uh uh well like 'how to' book on breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion through space impacts time: time slows you you you you you you you you you you you know like so well okay so um you know so so down for the the the the the the the the the the the person who is moving but goes faster for the one who uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well well well well so so okay so stands still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks usually are simply referred to as you know I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know I mean like 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - - - - - - - - - - - CD box set which contains so okay um um well okay so well well well well well well well well well well well so you know all 11 EPs released by Autechre between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, and then were eliminated I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh well so well okay you know like by Gretzky's Kings in the first first first first first first first first first first first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward so so uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um like like uh like uh Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of the lyric - writer, if the the the the the the the the the the the uh I mean okay so like uh okay you know um so lyrics are are are are are are are are are are are by a person other than one of the songwriters or composers like you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay you know like you know okay I mean okay and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he had met as an an an an an an an an an an an intern pastor okay um okay so well um you know well okay um in Colorado City, Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, the information obtained from from from from from from from from from from from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead the figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' I' I' I' I' I' I' I' I' I' I' by the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at the southern end of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well like uh well you know I mean Wukang Road, on on on on on on on on on on on the corner with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking after picking after picking after picking after picking after picking after after after after after after after after after after after picking after picking after picking after picking after picking back up the project in in in in in in in in in in in 1998 recording started to begin and guitarist okay so so you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know like well like you know Kurt Ballou joined in on the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke yorke also yorke also yorke also yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served served served served served served served served served served served as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the the the the the the the the the the the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also also also also also also also also also also also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi you know uh like um you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean (; born 21 November 1965 ) is a Sudanese - born British actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, actor, like like um like well uh I mean um uh I mean known by the stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang bauang is bauang is bauang is bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October October October October October October October October October October October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz okay you know you know okay well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know um so singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop um um um um um um um um um um um like like like uh well um like uh like under the influence of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became too difficult for the small small small small small small small small small small small team okay well uh like I mean uh like uh um like to complete; originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, originally, the spider sequences were to be present near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured a scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene in which Pee um you know um well um uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like well - wee Herman knocks over a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of the late Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel 'Nonong' like um like you know you know well okay I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on four tracks from from from from from from from from from from from 'Speakerboxxx', while okay okay you know um okay I mean you know like um so on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of Policy and Services Research I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so um like uh well um okay well at the Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Center, and is the director of the National Resource Center on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti peeth & also a place fromwhere Indian okay okay so you know uh well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean Standard Time is measured, is about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a 2 -- 1 win against against against against against against against against against against against Port Vale at Vale Park on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively easy to locate in the night uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like I mean so so um you know I mean sky; if one finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown Motown song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in the isolated piny woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods of Lake well um okay like you know so um like like uh Geneva, Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin and bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American American American American American American American American American American American football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a messenger and prophet of um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh you know okay well okay well I mean well God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in extending basic needs to to to to to to to to to to to the uh so uh so well you know uh like well like poor than than than than than than than than than than than subsidizing supplies whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough to allow a modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest okay you know I mean um like you know uh well so I mean reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction of his activities: he presided over legal disputes, issued a dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation dispensation for an um okay okay like like okay well you know like so so so so so so so so so so so important irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls it an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', in February 2009 on on on on on on on on on on on American well um um so I mean like well um um like Myth Recordings, whose cover features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia on October 2 in successfully repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling so you know well you know uh so okay uh so um the Mexican troops, and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon dixon and dixon and dixon and dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the during during during during during during during during during during during the during the during the during the last decade parts of the area have seen a gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, with many so um um okay um well well um um uh housing assessments doubling; yet many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data sets, Ilesfay was founded okay so so so so so so so so so so so um okay um well you know um I mean so in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 to meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the Fordham Environmental Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Journal, so so like uh so you know like so um well and first first first first first first first first first first first gained notice as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of the entry of German troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops troops well like uh I mean I mean you know like well so well into into into into into into into into into into into Ukraine and returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler cooler to um uh um um uh uh like okay you know like stabilize the the the the the the the the the the the temperature, and by making small adjustments to the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly you know I mean I mean you know well okay I mean you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war the war the war the war the war the war the war the the the the the the the the the the the war the war the war the war was not just fought on land, the the the the the the the the the the the First World War also saw the Battle well um like uh okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well well like of Jutland, the largest naval battle of the First World War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate and the main channel has well okay like um well like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh moved away from the cliffs, removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site the site the site the site the site the site the site site site site site site site site site site site the site the site the site the site includes basketball team forums as well as as as as as as as as as as as off - topic, media, and okay um you know like well so you know well well well well well well well well well well well um um graphic arts forums and on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its as its as its as its as its as its as its as as as as as as as as as as as its as its as its as its first club for students community Sir Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Rahman suggested some of students like okay I mean okay so so you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay to be active in this regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on March 4, 2007, emitting uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so I mean I mean you know okay well so a 1. 5 km high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on 27 March 1885 and mobilized so so so so so so so so so so so like well so I mean I mean like okay well I mean detachments for active service service service service service service service service service service service on 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, is a high melting melting melting melting melting melting melting melting melting melting melting white solid um you know so um okay um so well okay okay used used used used used used used used used used used in high - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail this tail this tail this tail this tail this tail this tail tail tail tail tail tail tail tail tail tail tail this tail this tail this tail this tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a a a a a a a a a a a loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) was a U you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean like like um you know I mean I mean uh. S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of the World' for uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like you know well okay you know okay always having an an an an an an an an an an an excuse on their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors are visitors are required to be at at at at at at at at at at at least 18 years old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab community, community, community, community, community, community, community, community, community, community, community, like okay like well uh um okay um um like and member of Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of Reconciliation uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well um so well uh I mean and Liberation Bloc, which which which which which which which which which which which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School in Chicago, where well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well okay I mean uh so like um administrators described him as as as as as as as as as as as 'healthy' and 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles firing solid shot, however proved proved proved proved proved proved proved proved proved proved proved to like okay like okay like so okay you know like uh be fouling after after after after after after after after after after after 2 - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy this comedy this comedy this comedy this comedy this comedy this this this this this this this this this this this comedy this comedy this comedy this comedy this comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the the the the the the the the the the the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year to year, year, year, year, year, year, year, year, year, year, year, and more contexts okay like um I mean okay uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like that are designed to be engaging to students as they make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during during during during during during during during during during during the during the during the during the during the 2009 NRL season, the the the the the the the the the the the Newcastle head coach, Brian Smith was sacked, and so uh I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know so okay like then - assistant coach Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still elected as is every other other other other other other other other other other other sheriff in the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places to gather for programs and and and and and and and and and and and uh like um um uh well you know um I mean so meetings, serving over 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 950, 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours within hours within hours within hours within hours within hours within hours within hours within within within within within within within within within within within hours within hours within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to the fence, his his his his his his his his his his his friends Walt Boulden I mean so I mean uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know and Alex Trout began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people have reportedly made a habit I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean I mean you know like I mean okay like of killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing these spiders in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as part of the 57th Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade well uh so like you know so uh okay well okay in the 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th (Western) Division, and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 and 42 days in um like like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know like uh you know you know uh Candé, Maine - et et et et et et et et et et et - Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes career and begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins luring uh like you know so uh so well well uh okay unruly children to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also on full display, but the you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so like okay okay I mean so so okay album is is is is is is is is is is is most remarkable for the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking the uh so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um okay well uh uh well stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there is no penalty for failure to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know uh okay like I mean well well comply with it and and and and and and and and and and and it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the U okay you know okay um like like like like like like like like like like like uh um uh you know so. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed from the the the the the the the the the the the investigation, NO you know uh uh you know well I mean okay so like like like like like like like like like like like so HE WAS NOT and replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the the the the the the the the the the the officer uh I mean so well you know okay uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about and spending time with the the the the the the the the the the the creature uh well like well okay okay like like you know okay (played by Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the initial discovery of at least um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh so so well um uh okay um 19 shipwrecks in the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy - duty transit buses from 31 um I mean I mean I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh - feet to 60 - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his best result, sixth, in in in in in in in in in in in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting material is much simpler than like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know uh you know okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well with traditional organic solvents, merely by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was haxi was haxi was haxi was haxi was haxi was haxi was was was was was was was was was was was haxi was haxi was haxi was haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and and and and and and and and and and and Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a holiday retreat in England um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so you know uh like like so you know and named the town he surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, and natural sciences, a a a a a a a a a a a I mean you know so uh like I mean um I mean well um function of of of of of of of of of of of a real variable is a function whose domain is the real numbers ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; the potential predator predator predator predator predator predator predator predator predator predator predator may desist when it knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara in Malibu, California featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring you know um you know I mean so you know so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a male actor who she is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours I put into going going going going going going going going going going going you know like so you know like okay like like um okay to places and and and and and and and and and and and taking pictures of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from rural areas and continued to neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect neglect I mean okay okay uh um I mean like so okay well the US US US US US US US US US US US agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout the decade and um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay uh so uh I mean okay would later be blamed as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route state Route state Route state Route state Route state Route state state state state state state state state state state state Route state Route state Route state Route state Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an an an an an an an an an an an uses an uses an uses an uses an uses an uses an uses an uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses an uses an uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film the film the film the film the film the film the film film film film film film film film film film film the film the film the film the film was a US box - office failure failure failure failure failure failure failure failure failure failure failure and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, Liberals, led by Herbert Asquith, could um okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like you know you know like um not break the deadlock produced in the the the the the the the the the the the January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900... Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished lSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s based on the fact um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um so well you know uh um that marginalized minorities were were were were were were were were were were were begin to participate and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a new arena in like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay uh okay well so San Francisco, but the arena never came came came came came came came came came came came to fruition, and the Seals played in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin from a dog attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank of the Vavali I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um I mean uh um okay you know you know (Bavali) river; river; river; river; river; river; river; river; river; river; river; on the west bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to pursue a degree in Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology you know I mean um you know okay okay well I mean uh um course course course course course course course course course course course but in October 2016, she confirms that will be studying at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties Cork (including the city), city), city), city), city), city), city), city), city), city), city), Kerry, you know uh you know you know uh okay like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean Limerick, and Tipperary, and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but found lectures 'awful', and left left left left left left left left left left left in so uh like you know well you know I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean 1978 without graduating to attend the California Institute of Technology, the following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army was named interim President of of of of of of of of of of of I mean you know okay okay you know uh you know like like okay the the the the the the the the the the the Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know well so you know so uh as the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of heavy agave crowns, men helped, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh um so you know I mean so uh although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria generally don't harm you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well well like um I mean well the plant, but promote the the the the the the the the the the the formation of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin okay uh well okay like um um um um um um um um um um um so like well well hormone which promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities of the UAI, follows the you you you you you you you you you you you know well so like well well you know well you know uh progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress of the various projects and supports the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of the 96th Infantry Regiment of the the the the the the the the the the the like I mean I mean well uh well like well um you know Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Armée and made officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State and graduated in in in in in in in in in in in 1991 the okay I mean well I mean well like you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know creator and executive producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked No. 1 and No you you you you you you you you you you you know so so you know so you know I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean. 2, respectively, which was the first time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the the the the the the the the the the the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda County, California, United United United United United United United United United United United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down in May, Atlus you know know know know know know know know know know know like like well I mean uh um uh okay okay made another annoucment stating that the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged football fixture which took I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh well well well okay uh okay place on Wednesday, June 27 and July July July July July July July July July July July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina so um you know I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean well I mean and Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed to Sony Music um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so well like well so you know Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only after signing a sworn uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so well like um okay um affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New Orleans musicians back after after after after after after after after after after after I mean so uh okay like like um I mean you know um Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave the mall, closing its doors doors doors doors doors doors doors doors doors doors doors in uh um okay like um so well okay uh um 1993; this this this this this this this this this this this store was soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried he carried he carried he carried he carried he carried he carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried he carried he carried he carried he carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track was used where one one one one one one one one one one one side um I mean like uh like you know I mean like okay uh heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily banked, and included obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that occurs in March, often often often often often often often often often often often uh like uh you know I mean okay like like uh I mean in in in in in in in in in in in the week before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is is is is is is is is is is is no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which like you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean you know uh okay seems to derive purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend due to the absence absence absence absence absence absence absence absence absence absence absence of well well I mean I mean you know I mean like well well so so so so so so so so so so so manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have much recorded um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like like you know I mean well I mean history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad is told from the perspective of a soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier who has fought okay so like so like uh okay uh well like in many many many many many many many many many many many bloody battles only to return home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated in modern history from the University of of of of of of of of of of of Florence and writes predominantly on Israel uh well uh like um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean and the Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably the biggest touch screen display ever well like like like like like like like like like like like um like so okay you know like um I mean used in a Philippine television television television television television television television television television television television show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his friends whenever they they they they they they they they they they they needed okay I mean I mean you know well uh um well so so him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, in the end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted as being less intelligent than than than than than than than than than than than other characters on so um um uh uh okay um I mean um so scripted television; to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by by by by by by by by by by by outdoor pursuit groups, but uh you know so uh so I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um so gorge walking can be dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was was was was was was was was was was was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of of of of of of of of of of of Novara, and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina argentina was argentina was argentina was argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated streak to 5 - 0 and defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated like um like um I mean um well like you know so Anadolu Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes Efes 77 - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections (axons) extending from the the the the the the the the the the the supraoptic well um okay like you know um like well well I mean and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred and thirty - - - - - - - - - - - two books later, she is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Millions multi-state lotto game, and features features features features features features features features features features features so you know well uh uh um uh okay okay uh their own Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller seven / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative Designing in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um like so well uh so like the most Creative and Innovative way. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played four years of of of of of of of of of of of college soccer um um um well um you know I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so um at Drexel University, before being drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her relationship to them as a you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know well I mean well like you know well I mean ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem ModelMayhem. Com member, com member, com member, com member, com member, com member, com member, member, member, member, member, member, member, member, member, member, member, com member, com member, com member, com member, they also had requisite knowledge to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com well you know um like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay I mean users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour the colour the colour the colour the colour the colour the the the the the the the the the the the colour the colour the colour the colour the colour of this fish is also also also also also also also also also also also variable and usually resembles the substrate, uh okay well um um okay so well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean which makes it well - camouflaged when stationary but more more more more more more more more more more more visible when it moves about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on Federal Relations, a member of you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay uh um well I mean um so um the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, Greece, that belongs to to to to to to to to to to to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and and and and and and and and and and and the Southwest Freeway was purchased, and I mean well um like um like well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know you know in 1999, the college became nationally accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of the Pacific and graduated in 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, you know uh okay you know you know okay well I mean so uh continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued continued his studies at the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and a long fretless fingerboard, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean okay uh well uh so and is played while seated in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - coca - coca - coca - coca - coca - coca - coca coca coca coca coca coca coca coca coca coca coca - coca - coca - coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract contract contract contract contract contract contract contract contract contract contract in 1921, but, like you know like I mean like okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well in part due to the costs of rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on August 3, 1954 in I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know okay okay okay okay well well well Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned small businessman, who owned owned owned owned owned owned owned owned owned owned owned a so um um well I mean you know okay like well uh Spaza shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop popular with black mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, Italy in 1790, generously generously generously generously generously generously generously generously generously generously generously on I mean like I mean okay okay like well okay well so loan to to to to to to to to to to to him from the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay I mean well I mean so you know a prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with Television X Pay - Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per - you know well okay uh so you know um well um um Night Night Night Night Night Night Night Night Night Night Night on Sky and on the same day it was taken off of Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), which was fought as okay well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well so okay well like like the contest of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for gold in various so um well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like so so so locations in the U. S. , and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when her editor Robert Loomis you you you you you you you you you you you know like um like I mean you know uh well I mean you know challenged her her her her her her her her her her her to write 'Caged Bird', she has been best known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents of what what what what what what what what what what what their child um so I mean you know uh so like okay so so is is is is is is is is is is is doing on social media sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst its worst its worst its worst its worst its worst its worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst its worst its worst its worst its worst - case time complexity is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, but on average its performance is or um well like so um so so like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean even depending on the random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was allott was allott was allott was allott was allott was allott was was was was was was was was was was was allott was allott was allott was allott was educated at King James's School, School, School, School, School, School, School, School, School, School, School, Knaresborough and Harrogate College and became the okay uh like well okay like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like so youngest Mayor in the country in 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U. S. Politician, who is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like well uh uh okay so I mean a Republican member of the the the the the the the the the the the California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have used the character, uh um well well well well well well well well well well well so so like so um um like sometimes with great results -- for example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, and may even uh like like like like like like like like like like like um like like so so um uh so be the third most common trigger to to to to to to to to to to to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, but Jerry just like like like like like like like like like like like well like like I mean well like okay well well pats him on on on on on on on on on on on the head again, then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per acre of land to confuse well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know like you know um like um um well male insects about about about about about about about about about about about the location of their female partners, it can thus serve as I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean well uh well like I mean a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it was a shortlived Hmong Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist military like um like um so okay well you know um so irregulars feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned feigned an artillery bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - free resultant which it is is is is is is is is is is is useful uh um like well you know like okay so you know uh both conceptually and practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was awarded the Medal of um um um um um um um um um um um well so um so like so so okay like Honor for his actions at at at at at at at at at at at the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one in Wales, which is part part part part part part part part part part part of the I mean well like I mean you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well you know military is wholly Govenment funded and has primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary responsibility for aircraft crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical plant with edible multiple uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay I mean uh okay um like you know fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and a non-profit organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation based in New well so okay okay so uh uh um um well Delhi, India India India India India India India India India India India which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d d d d d d d d d d d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1942) was a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after so uh um um um um um um um um um um um so well well okay uh I mean like 1919 an official of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its architectural ensemble, particularly as as as as as as as as as as as it I mean like um well I mean I mean okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know um is one of the few places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would he would he would he would he would he would he would would would would would would would would would would would he would he would he would he would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those those those those those those those those those those those who were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents the lower right corner, like like like like like like like like like like like well um uh you know well um uh I mean um a torch symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes symbolizes striving for excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the the the the the the the the the the the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has has has has has has has has has has has a ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document the document the document the document the document the document the the the the the the the the the the the document the document the document the document the document was signed on 7 December December December December December December December December December December December 1944 in Chicago, IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new version of IChat, based based based based based based based based based based based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since since since since since since since since since since since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate Members Members Members Members Members Members Members Members Members Members Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day so you you you you you you you you you you you know like um I mean so um you know um like One' ) to create create create create create create create create create create create a three part short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration suggests that between 10, 000 like uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean well like uh uh uh and 25, 000 Sudanese are living in in in in in in in in in in in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds packing in to watch legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary okay so you know well like I mean well uh you know I mean coach Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Kintner chase his fourth state title at the helm of the Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about a young boy, who dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies and like I mean you know okay so like okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so then his favourite math teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely they they they they they they they they they they they rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American actress, singer and and and and and and and and and and and 'Dancing with so okay like like well I mean so so I mean well the the the the the the the the the the the Stars' season 20 winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook who helped him him him him him him him him him him him with his uh uh you know well well okay well well so uh work, acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting as a skilled technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to to to to to to to to to to to a sickly Maid Marian so um um you know well like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh who is pregnant and ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending after attending after attending after attending after attending after attending after attending after after after after after after after after after after after attending after attending after attending after attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - time substitute for Luke Howell in uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean well I mean I mean like well a 2 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 2 away draw with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um you know um uh you know well so recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge what he can on a a a a a a a a a a a beached okay so uh you know well you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean ship, leaving his son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to his family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Editor and before that, I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay um you know you know I mean like Editor of the the the the the the the the the the the FT's Continental European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell and short apically um like like like like like like like like like like like okay well okay well uh uh well you know truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond white; white; white; white; white; white; white; white; white; white; white; these broad streaks broad are divided only well you know okay you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know so so um so by the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug ahug is a form form form form form form form form form form form of physical intimacy, that usually involves closing or holding the you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know so like um okay so um uh arms around the neck, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, or waist of another person; if more than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with added enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes enzymes to modify uh you know um um I mean you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay and transform their chemical composition and pH. Invertases and s into honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former water water water water water water water water water water water polo player who I mean you know well you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean okay won a silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her daughter and nominator Janis lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; lives; she so okay um like uh uh okay I mean I mean I mean breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks down entirely on the highway, even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his own ends while the the the the the the the the the the the original you know okay okay well well so like I mean I mean um Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat attempted to protect her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and the Eighth Circuit had ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled so okay uh well um like you know uh uh okay that the state would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 A. D. In In In In In In In In In In In well I mean um um I mean um well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 187 B. C he che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che che wrote 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture named after the shape of uh um um um um um um um um um um um so well so like you know um like like their typical clay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one of the greatest taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy uh you know uh so I mean um um okay so well firms in the the the the the the the the the the the world, apart from P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and cooked by wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping and steaming in um well well so I mean like uh like um okay turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric leaves. Konkani people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was williams was williams was williams was williams was williams was williams was williams williams williams williams williams williams williams williams williams williams williams was williams was williams was williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats and a mortgage making making making making making making making making making making making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants to do for Valentine's, which is is is is is is is is is is is tomorrow... But Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but but but but but but but but but but but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends artist friends artist friends artist friends artist friends artist friends artist friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends artist friends artist friends artist friends artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator Maxfield Parrish, who designed and built his estate, well like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know so um okay the Oaks, in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, much of the language and and and and and and and and and and and okay I mean well uh I mean uh um um uh I mean traditions had had had had had had had had had had had been either corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in in in in in in in in in in in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an an an an an an an an an an an acolyte chosen to serve and accompany Odrade on okay uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well I mean her voyage with Tamalane and Dortujla to meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former former former former former former former former former former former head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor the poor the poor the poor the poor the poor the the the the the the the the the the the poor the poor the poor the poor the poor soils of New Caledonia promote a a a a a a a a a a a restriction in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved he moved he moved he moved he moved he moved he moved he he he he he he he he he he he moved he moved he moved he moved out of his parents' house, dropped out out out out out out out out out out out of high school, and began working um okay uh you know well well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean as a gas station attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked for follow - up action action action action action action action action action action action to well um I mean I mean so well well like okay uh the president of the college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed by designed by designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 flats, of of of of of of of of of of of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and express complete amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement um um so you know so so so so I mean like by the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole state of affairs, though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June 2010 and was released as as as as as as as as as as as like like uh okay uh okay uh okay so I mean the third and final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a record of 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 times and so well okay I mean I mean um well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean they are second overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, lasting seven issues, and it it it it it it it it it it it well okay I mean I mean well well like you know um you know filled an an an an an an an an an an an important role at the time, giving new creators a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets his duets his duets his duets his duets his duets his duets his his his his his his his his his his his duets his duets his duets his duets and collaborations both on stage and and and and and and and and and and and in the studio with other artists okay I mean so well well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay have been extensive and he has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former the former the former the former the former the former the former the the the the the the the the the the the former the former the former the former was one of the 48 constellations listed by by by by by by by by by by by the 2nd century astronomer um um uh well like like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well um Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić (née Joanides), was the mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother of well you know you know okay I mean so well well so um um um um um um um um um um um son of King Milan Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the show can be seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen for thirty like well like you know so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh minutes and competes with another half - hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, that in the nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity scene the statue I mean I mean so okay well like so okay um um um um um um um um um um um like of the baby Jesus shows him standing and there are three crosses depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some of the largest, such you you you you you you you you you you you know so well okay like um I mean you know you know uh as 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was formed and a uh well well well well well well well well well well well like like um you know I mean okay um I mean year later later later later later later later later later later later it was renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh okay well like like you know um of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in Blackpool, while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and academic courses which can be so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay well um okay you know so taken at various academic and and and and and and and and and and and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three - year, $ 60 million million million million million million million million million million million well so like okay you know like well uh uh uh contract extension instead of of of of of of of of of of of the four year maximum as it allotted him the option of um well like like like like like like like like like like like well well you know uh uh I mean okay seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the leadership of Ghazan, a a a a a a a a a a a okay well you know um like um so okay like well descendant of Genghis Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, Khan, had again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes of the city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, city, including Native American, so okay well I mean well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like well okay art deco, and contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and would have been lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost um okay I mean uh like I mean I mean uh so you know when it it it it it it it it it it it nearly met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football Football Football Football Football Football Football Football Football Football Football australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of Southern California in in in in in in in in in in in 1948, um I mean well like well you know I mean okay okay like established his golf course architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their career opportunities these students expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect uh okay so uh I mean like well so like uh that a degree from a a a a a a a a a a a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced by neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron irradiation of like um so so I mean well I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so you know uranium in nuclear reactors and the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British the British the British the British the British the British the British the the the the the the the the the the the British the British the British the British Royal Navy took her into service service service service service service service service service service service as HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a a a a a a a a a a a linguist and previous Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation operation operation operation operation operation operation operation operation operation operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise held in the Mediterranean Sea uh like well um uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean that also involved the first units of the United States Marines Corps to participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Steven Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage well like I mean you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know as Johnny Blaze / Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New Zealand politician and leader of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know so I mean uh um you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um populist New Zealand First party which he founded in 1993, and served as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and made the highest score score score score score score score score score score score like um okay so well like uh you know I mean I mean of his his his his his his his his his his his career, his 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location of the bandstand demolished during I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean um so uh you know well like the second second second second second second second second second second second world war, and as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the the the the the the the the the the the departing incumbent from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 million and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - Defense and raising her daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter uh like like okay so so like okay so um Erika, Brown worked on on on on on on on on on on on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most but most but most but most but most but most but most but but but but but but but but but but but most but most but most but most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee of the Bonaire, has has has has has has has has has has has the so so uh so um okay I mean okay um okay same geological history, history, history, history, history, history, history, history, history, history, history, and while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the North East of England and and and and and and and and and and and uh okay so like well okay okay um like okay Scotland, in addition to to to to to to to to to to to a lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city the city the city the city the city the city the city city city city city city city city city city city the city the city the city the city was founded in the early 20th century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, and since the 1980s you know uh okay so like okay okay so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know has been continually enlarged by Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of because of because of because of because of because of because of because of because because because because because because because because because because because of because of because of poor transportation connections with the rest of Oregon, the the the the the the the the the the the early economic orientation um uh well so you know so you know so well well well well well well well well well well well well of Lake County was toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution in Pakistan was conceived in in in in in in in in in in in I mean so uh well so I mean like okay well so New York, York, York, York, York, York, York, York, York, York, York, USA in the mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held Hemingstone manor in in in in in in in in in in in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business office with several several several several several several several several several several several windows I mean um okay you know well okay like you know like um and a a a a a a a a a a a fireplace used by Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar another similar another similar another similar another similar another similar another similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar another similar another similar another similar another similar archway with similar architecture was built built built built built built built built built built built in Ta' Xbiex, also back then part okay I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know um so of Sliema, by the same Testaferrata family but but but but but but but but but but but was demolished in 1989 and the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, 1884, starting out um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh I mean you know um like so as a weekly newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, after the paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her lover, and used used used used used used used used used used used her as you know well like I mean you know like uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well a messenger, asking her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, but he was replaced uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean well so like well like so as Test captain by Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti whilst his I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean like I mean like like so mother is of Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek heritage through her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term the term the term the term the term the term the term term term term term term term term term term term the term the term the term the term is used more and more in in in in in in in in in in in the feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed captain in the newly formed U you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay uh okay so uh I mean uh. S S S S S S S S S S S. Navy in 1794, and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and commune of north - - - - - - - - - - - western France, I mean well uh so um um well okay you know okay in in in in in in in in in in in the 'département' of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University the University the University the University the University the University the University University University University University University University University University University University the University the University the University the University of Kansas Medical Center features three three three three three three three three three three three schools: the School of Medicine, School of so so okay um um um so um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its presence on its surroundings like so um um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay well you know uh you know in an expression of the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent films, silhouettes have been been been been been been been been been been been used to dramatic effect well uh I mean okay you know well like um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean in many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail trade sector have 13 % well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um so like okay so I mean you know of the population population population population population population population population population population population working within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were all aboard the balloon; the the the the the the the the the the the you know well I mean uh uh um okay I mean like uh two two two two two two two two two two two adults died when the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell Russell you know uh um uh uh so you know you know well I mean and and and and and and and and and and and Bignell in 1906 at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with a special 'god - you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well I mean so I mean so so well like killing' bullet (the kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind that was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so okay uh you know well you know or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen whom she met met met met met met met met met met met in the like like I mean well so you know like okay uh well city, she she she she she she she she she she she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is bash is bash is bash is bash is bash is bash is bash bash bash bash bash bash bash bash bash bash bash is bash is bash is bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely based on Kate Douglas you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh you know well so I mean okay so so Wiggin's 'Rebecca of of of of of of of of of of of Sunnybrook Farm' and tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super current Super current Super current Super current Super current Super current Super current current current current current current current current current current current Super current Super current Super current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Academy Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video game for the PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna mt Laguna is a small town east of of of of of of of of of of of San Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father father father father father father father father father father father of Brenda Jenkins, and the okay uh okay so um I mean well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know entire Jenkins' clan lives in a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered a back okay well well uh so so you know uh well like injury and was unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia along with the 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th Division, landing in okay well well so you know um like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Brisbane on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view of the insect as as as as as as as as as as as you know you know so uh okay um I mean like so um a a a a a a a a a a a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration administration administration administration administration administration administration administration administration administration administration uh you know well like uh you know okay okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know in Dangyang on an areas of 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love with Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season the season the season the season the season the season the season the season season season season season season season season season season season the season the season the season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor and former Governor of um you know um I mean okay like uh um um um um um um um um um um um like well California as host; the show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the U. S. Marines, who so so so so so so so so so so so um uh like like I mean um well well uh had recently been driven out of of of of of of of of of of of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active in the late 11th and and and and and and and and and and and well like well you know well okay okay you know uh okay early 12th centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, and is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the Metropolitan Opera's Board you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like well you know so like you know like you know of Directors in in in in in in in in in in in 1933, founded the Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and the first senior bishop of of of of of of of of of of of okay uh so so you know well so I mean uh you know the the the the the the the the the the the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the Audley Club, housing facilities such well well well well well well well well well well well um um I mean you know okay okay well um you know as treatment rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being so weak can't open the the the the the the the the the the the lip so um like so you know so well well you know know know know know know know know know know know so gloss; in a montage of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by Lockie, and his team started started started started started started started started started started started the 1960 -- 61 season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Arao, also known as as as as as as as as as as as Ford Arao, is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is is is is is is is is is is is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is the main income source. We depend we we we we we we we we we we we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend we depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly after the team team team team team team team team team team team published so uh okay uh okay uh like I mean okay okay its first results results results results results results results results results results results in 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or meteorite impact event located you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay like so uh I mean well um so in between or or or or or or or or or or or to the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, farming, but soon disgraced himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 and entered Michigan you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay you know um I mean so you know State University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh you know so well well uh like you know Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores by the Kroll and so um um um um um um um um um um um uh like okay you know like so so like Hunter process es. The most common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals were born in in in in in in in in in in in the water, I mean um okay um like you know like so well you you you you you you you you you you you know by the influence of the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human being was was was was was was was was was was was you know um like like well you know you know so so like like like like like like like like like like like supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh um so um um I mean okay so of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 you know I mean I mean I mean I mean like like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well (in previews) and officially on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a colourless to white white white white white white white white white white white (although I mean like so okay well okay I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so so often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the town has held it it it it it it it it it it it every you know well I mean um um uh like okay well okay year since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G G G G G G G G G G G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great well uh so uh so well like um um um um um um um um um um um so okay pride of himself and used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Plains in the you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know well okay you know um um like so Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in in in in in in in in in in in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's policies and procedures in I mean um okay well uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like the process of overseeing the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, they were named the top 'One Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life to Live' all - time so I mean like like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like like well you know romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during the life of its prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet Muhammad so um like like um well like um I mean okay (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number of adherents of Islam has lived in Asia and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series of 'The X Factor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know like like so um um okay Australia', covered it it it it it it it it it it it in his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump behind Irving Baxter of the United United United United United United United United United United United States, so you know so you know so like like like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and the bronze medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um okay uh well like so he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - Jua, Helen A. Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Neville Page um I mean like I mean so like okay um you know well 211 211 211 211 211 211 211 211 211 211 211 - 226 The Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in securing the right right right right right right right right right right right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it may approach Earth on on on on on on on on on on on March well I mean okay you know like well uh like I mean well 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 2880, though the mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the books sell more than than than than than than than than than than than a I mean um uh like I mean like so okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know million copies annually, several new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know what to do? ' Graham was was was was was was was was was was was uh well like okay okay okay uh you know you know like ultimately convicted while the informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was the first permanent Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish I mean you know like uh uh like you know um like so military center, center, center, center, center, center, center, center, center, center, center, but the Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed the issues on the talk pages pages pages pages pages pages pages pages pages pages pages first, tried BRD, and another editor attempted uh uh I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know well like well a partial rollback, and an RfC, then when that didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't work, we worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase approaching the Burbank, California like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh um so so you know like shopping center, which ultimately ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New York City, United States; States; States; States; States; States; States; States; States; States; States; however, so um so you know you know I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay the brand is far more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, returning the next year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which was the site of abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse and I mean well okay you know I mean I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so well executions of political dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse of prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, Indiana) is an American actor who um um um um um um um um um um um so well like um I mean well well okay I mean is perhaps best best best best best best best best best best best known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers Association in 1966 so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean um uh you know like uh like um and after merging with the International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by over 17, 000 people, who paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid well like um you know you know you know so you know I mean like up up up up up up up up up up up to $ 50 for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy documents; less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault de I mean I mean like like um like I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay Lassus de St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is marxism is marxism is marxism is marxism is marxism is marxism is is is is is is is is is is is marxism is marxism is marxism is marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A A A A A A A A A A A doctrine which originates in the degradation uh okay so uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean of the individual whose elimination is considered as legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by a certain fuzzy set set set set set set set set set set set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s, playing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um so okay well so you know okay at representative level for England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately forty square mile town twent twent twent twent twent twent twent twent twent twent twent - four hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, who played a key role during during during during during during during during during during during well you know um like um so so okay like uh the freedom movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family was first recognized by the crown during the reign of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied repeatedly for it: well well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean well so okay I mean like it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems that he was actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in the Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major party presidential nominee, but lost okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay um uh uh um well so the election to Barack Obama by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 Ireland was was was was was was was was was was was in no okay well okay you know I mean okay well like so so position position position position position position position position position position position to become involved, in fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is aMS is aMS is aMS is aMS is aMS is aMS is is is is is is is is is is is aMS is aMS is aMS is aMS is an organized effort of parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts of the infectious disease and public health okay okay um uh well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so uh community, in the US particularly their professional organizations like like like like like like like like like like like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) was was was was was was was was was was was an American former competition you know like okay like you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like swimmer, American Olympic champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered on the original BBC Radio okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um I mean I mean like uh you know like 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional basketball player who currently plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the the the the the the the the the the the Trinity so I mean uh you know like I mean um you know like like like like like like like like like like like like schoolroom, in West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little very little very little very little very little very little very little little little little little little little little little little little very little very little very little very little has been documented about this breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, breed, and they are not a recognized well well okay um um so like like like like like like like like like like like well okay um pure - breed in the Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers and specialist breeders you know okay well I mean so uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, like you know so okay you know okay like uh well like selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened Stewart to 'a Jewish I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um well you know like so so um Yoda' and recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted recounted advice Stewart gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is a failure as businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman and has um like uh well I mean like I mean like like well well well well well well well well well well well steered the catering business bestowed to him by his father to the brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of return (ERR) is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay well like um well uh a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined with his I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well I mean uh I mean okay uh uh distinctive posing posing posing posing posing posing posing posing posing posing posing styles makes Kamali a sought out bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay like like um uh uh um and has been featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit um I mean uh uh like so okay like you know like and has reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached the final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the 'Black Pearl' as the crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew uh like you know uh uh uh um uh um okay abandons the ship, and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, film, stage and voice uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean you know okay so so so uh actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of his subject material; for I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh like I mean um okay you know well example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley don Valley don Valley don Valley don Valley don Valley don Valley don don don don don don don don don don don Valley don Valley don Valley don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed to have been run by by by by by by by by by by by um um like like well you know uh well uh okay the Bachwezi dynasty in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs grabs Alex's daughter then wlks under um you know um like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well the decking and Alex imtandly follows after a gun shot is heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard when she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less Annoying CRM, also also also also also also also also also also also known as uh so okay well well like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well LACRM which is a customer relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and rebuilt in the 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s uh you know um you know okay like so you know I mean uh by Bishop John Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has has has has has has has has has has has plush I mean uh I mean uh uh you know well okay so so so so so so so so so so so so toy armies made of captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham who both appeared for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh uh you know you know so okay uh England on 5 March March March March March March March March March March March 1892 and the most recent player to be capped while with so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know um okay well so well United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between the two tours, winning you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean uh um like I mean uh you know okay twice on on on on on on on on on on on the Nationwide Tour, and finishing twelfth on the money list to regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed to Staffordshire Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show - offs, and can not not not not not not not not not not not like well uh you know like I mean you know um okay you know resist shaping themselves to spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based in Canberra, Australia, that invented a a a a a a a a a a a okay I mean you know like well uh okay I mean okay well local positioning system system system system system system system system system system system that government, commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim is to communicate to to to to to to to to to to to do well um I mean you know so I mean um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a good cultural, social activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, a uh well um uh you know like well uh uh well Sweden based businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman of Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she when she when she when she when she when she when she when when when when when when when when when when when she when she when she when she died in 1641 there was a memorial brass brass brass brass brass brass brass brass brass brass brass placed in All Saints church so you know like um uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay in Durston which includes a picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is said to be well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh I mean like uh um okay found, for example the antenna mentioned above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer who began singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing like I mean so like I mean well I mean I mean you know uh in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests twelve were killed during the The well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like um um like uh I mean I mean War of Power, due due due due due due due due due due due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained by Heihachi Mishima; this was was was was was was was was was was was I mean uh uh um so um like like you know so explained by by by by by by by by by by by Paul having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last the last the last the last the last the last the last last last last last last last last last last last the last the last the last the last whaling ship to be built at at at at at at at at at at at Dundee was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof prof prof prof prof prof prof prof prof prof prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British British British British British British British British British British British Academy, an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in in in in in in in in in in in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for for for for for for for for for for for their first original sitcom; in 'Playing um uh you know I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like so okay um uh Shop', the two star as Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes (10 percent), just behind you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um uh um I mean well uh you know um Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth - place candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution under the Directorate of of of of of of of of of of of Technical Education uh um so you know um I mean so so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves students serves students serves students serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves students serves students serves students serves students serves students serves students serves students serves students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon dropped out of her course course course course course course course course course course course and started an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at Gravesend, New New New New New New New New New New New York until uh so um um um I mean okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know well 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 you know well okay I mean I mean I mean you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know like to 1969 it moved to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World War when operating on Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Typhoons over okay like uh uh okay uh well you know okay so occupied Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the the the the the the the the the the the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player player player player player player player player player player player selected in the NFL draft, well okay well like okay um well you know so okay and and and and and and and and and and and it is a parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Prize in 2010, with Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Armitage, like okay um like um well I mean like uh so Lavinia Greenlaw and and and and and and and and and and and Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the second Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 812 812 812 812 812 812 812 812 812 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden boat rammed like um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay I mean you know so so I mean the starboard side of of of of of of of of of of of the tanker and detonated, catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary Western setting, rather than the I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh um I mean okay um like um okay 19th Century 'Wild West' era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the for the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for for for for for the for the for the for the for the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into into into into into into into into into into into the new Arizona 9th congressional like so well well you know like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know district after redistricting, but instead chose to run in in in in in in in in in in in the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent established the national um um um um um um um um um um um like so uh uh okay well um you know well guard and sent a patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic appeal to the citizens in which they expressed the wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted amalgamation of human and fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, well uh um I mean uh I mean okay you know um well Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's Martin's mutation turned him into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it the Anchor Line of of of of of of of of of of of Steam you know well well you know so uh you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well Packet and commissioned a pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the man to lead and and and and and and and and and and and entry like so like so so I mean like like I mean okay to to to to to to to to to to to Tibet might be possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is an English professional rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby league like so I mean I mean like so uh I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well footballer who played in the 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at at at at at at at at at at at club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that it will have some uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know uh you know well I mean you know uh of its mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile phones made in India, and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation by Iran to retake the the the the the the the the the the the um well um uh um I mean so so um well Dezful - Shush area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her last rock - oriented album of of of of of of of of of of of you know so okay you know so well uh so well like the 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, before she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was made, but the only only only only only only only only only only only member of um so you know so uh okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know like like the band featured was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure from well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean like well uh okay you know well Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former American football center who who who who who who who who who who who I mean well I mean okay well like I mean like uh I mean played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children by her second husband tenor, chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus uh uh you know well okay like um uh okay you know master and conductor Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), who changed her you know know know know know know know know know know know well so well like um okay uh uh so name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - - - - - - - - - - - Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government in June 1970, the new education minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, well uh um uh you know you know okay okay like like Margaret Thatcher, replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much for much for much for much for much for much for for for for for for for for for for for much for much for much for much for much of the 2004 -- 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 season, the club struggled in the Premiership, so I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um okay okay you know but staged a remarkable comeback in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters and was featured at Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's Orlando's like okay I mean so well like uh uh uh you know premiere LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT pride event, Come Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded she founded she founded she founded she founded she founded she founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded she founded she founded she founded she founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however even today it is unknown you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay okay okay um um um like so who was responsible some some some some some some some some some some some point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it would be better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with a hand plane or or or or or or or or or or or other I mean I mean you know like well I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so like method of wood removal and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the second placer wins ₱ 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 000, you know I mean well you know um okay like I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so Artista Salon services worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received received received received received received received received received received received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it at, it at, it at, it at, it at, it at, it it it it it it it it it it it at, it at, it at, it at, it is the highest peak on on on on on on on on on on on Durmitor mountain, and had been thought to be like so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well okay you know well the highest point in Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that was called Ain Libbaya or Ayn so so so so so so so so so so so well um so I mean like uh so um I mean Libbaya that was classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well you know well I mean um so so his wife Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as as as as as as as as as as as a as a as a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the the the the the the the the the the the voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be found the sardine port of Douarnenez uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well so well I mean like uh you know so which gives the bay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga champions, on 5 June June June June June June June June June June June um I mean okay uh you know so like well so I mean 2017, Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli Musolli received a call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred like well okay I mean um you know well well uh okay to London's London's London's London's London's London's London's London's London's London's London's West End at the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the first he is an an an an an an an an an an an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended she attended she attended she attended she attended she attended she attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended she attended she attended she attended she attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied Serbianess of the opponent in in in in in in in in in in in the like okay like well you know so I mean uh okay okay discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion which can be used to advance your position in discussion about the topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics directly I mean so so I mean uh um um well um uh or or or or or or or or or or or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy - based holding company, based based based based based based based based based based based in Cayce, you know you know you know well so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um South Carolina, whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are not authentic but cheap knock - - - - - - - - - - - offs you know I mean I mean uh I mean um like so like so so so so so so so so so so so (as the boys originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published he published he published he published he published he published he published he published published published published published published published published published published published he published he published he published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' Serie' ( 'The Law well uh you know okay like I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay well of the Series'; never translated into English ), in which he recounted like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh like so uh like you know 100 or so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock band Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy James and um like well uh uh like uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in the Myanmar Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Religious Council well uh um uh like well so I mean so I mean until until until until until until until until until until until his passing away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p p p p p p p p p p p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 on 6 on 6 on 6 on 6 on 6 on 6 on 6 on on on on on on on on on on on 6 on 6 on 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German Cross in Gold for for for for for for for for for for for his uh like like like so you know well like okay you know achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical land of Gensokyo is once again again again again again again again again again again again at you know you know so well you know so like well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know peace until yōkai begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy cavalry, and a you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well so so so I mean well well I mean similar number number number number number number number number number number number of infantry, from which around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first the the the the the the the the the the the first the first the first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 constitutional reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 - 1981 during okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean like so okay you know so uh this time he was was was was was was was was was was was a starter for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which was formed on on on on on on on on on on on uh okay um so like well okay um um I mean 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, for okay so like like you know so uh well I mean okay a Jewish Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian sect apparently centered in the areas of Coele - uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well you know I mean Syria, Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in the Judean Hills in I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so I mean I mean like you know well well um um um um um um um um um um um front of Nablus and at crossings of the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, enters the capsule, and tells well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh uh you know like like okay her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north of Tunisia, on the the the the the the the the the the the hills of I mean um like you know so so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the Medjerda Valley, 20 km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by the Army of the Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Union uh uh I mean I mean you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean during World War II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on the railcar itself, to measure vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations vibrations uh well I mean you know um so um well well um and possible wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel wheel impact conditions are flawed in the sense that these sensors would well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so uh like I mean I mean so not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, lead singer and guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in your face stlye, it I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know I mean so like like you know uh okay has divided audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces audieces and critics, but has succesfully found a cult audience in the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual average annual average annual average annual average annual average annual average annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual average annual average annual average annual average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm. The local the local the local the local the local the local the local the the the the the the the the the the the local the local the local the local governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in 2004 coined the term 'Female okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well so well so um okay - Led' in her writings and and and and and and and and and and and also began to advance the terminology to so you know like uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well um okay describe her approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has has has has has has has has has has has he has he has he has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the line the pioneers were were were were were were were were were were were like well so you know I mean okay you know I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so digging under was subjected to a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time strategy and role - playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing video game like uh I mean um um um so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know created by German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others in the superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily by I mean okay um uh like like you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know a combination of minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological organisms and failure in in in in in in in in in in in 'reliability I mean um um so like you know well like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know theory' or 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol the the the the the the the the the the the protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, such as smoke grenades and you know like um like like well uh um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean tracer rounds, although this has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was wBT was wBT was wBT was wBT was wBT was wBT was wBT was wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT wBT was wBT was wBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides decides decides decides decides decides decides decides decides decides decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead of embedded shortwave troughs, which I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay well um I mean uh I mean okay uh are of smft smft smft smft smft smft smft smft smft smft smft within the troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal Khatri is an an an an an an an an an an an Indian young Master craftsman Born: , in village Bagh, so like well you know know know know know know know know know know know like well okay I mean I mean okay Madhya Pradesh, Who had learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect in the the the the the the the the the the the case was arrested almost two years later; police have like well you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh uh okay uh you know said others were involved in what they consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider a murder for hire motivated by um so like okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um um well you know Markel's bitter divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the the the the the the the the the the the event you know so like so like so well okay like you know of a a a a a a a a a a a major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the the the the the during the during the during the during the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the the the the the the the the the the the silver medal in his I mean I mean okay so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is shown to have feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings and um uh I mean uh like you know I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of direction in the the the the the the the the the the the line as like you know like well well uh you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh it jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to sixth, earning their their their their their their their their their their their first uh um like so um like well so like uh ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which appeared in the reign of uh well well well well well well well well well well well so um um uh like well uh okay Theodosius I, as the work of of of of of of of of of of of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired he retired he retired he retired he retired he retired he retired he he he he he he he he he he he retired he retired he retired he retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, the however, the however, the however, the original flag had a brownish colour instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr. T and you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh so like you know you know okay uh uh Pain played football football football football football football football football football football football at Brown University and Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept that Jessie was coerced is considered so so like like I mean um okay um um um um um um um um um um um um like a certifiable fraud by his peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in removing everything of value from their victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, victims, um okay um um you know you know um uh I mean uh and often often often often often often often often often often often went further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the daughter of a well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um okay you know I mean uh well you know um - to to to to to to to to to to to - do family, and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand another grand another grand another grand another grand another grand grand grand grand grand grand grand grand grand grand grand another grand another grand another grand another grand another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was was was was was was was was was was was a knife salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed uh um um um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like so well to have sold Simpson a 15 - inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect for the first time uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so um okay you know okay um uh and concedes that the interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most his most his most his most his most his most his his his his his his his his his his his most his most his most his most his most recent work is seen in AC / / / / / / / / / / / DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical traditions and religions) to to to to to to to to to to to so well um I mean okay um I mean so well you know defuse just such deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep ystems always impose trained judges who are presumed to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the Greater Phoenix region that that that that that that that that that that that encompasses the communities like well so so like like so uh you know well of of of of of of of of of of of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt leaders accountable for uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean so well uh uh you know um the damages and crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, crimes, while supporting the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University of Texas at Austin, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay so well I mean okay like where he is the Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition the competition the competition the competition the competition the competition the competition the the the the the the the the the the the competition the competition the competition the competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, tutoring for the Open University, um um um um um um um um um um um like so you know um uh so I mean like uh founding the Unit for for for for for for for for for for for the Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from Turkey has advanced through through through through through through through through through through through the league okay like so um I mean you know so you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean system and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring semesters and fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly fortnightly during well uh uh okay I mean okay okay I mean uh uh the the the the the the the the the the the two summer semester blocks and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And in the 40's uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well um like uh so uh she began to acquire valuable experience as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell from Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb squad robot, with the like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um like well well so okay robot placing it in a 'total containment vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his studio and worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked mainly you know so so um like so okay um well like as a a a a a a a a a a a portrait artist, later enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective the objective the objective the objective the objective the objective the objective the objective the the the the the the the the the the the objective the objective the objective of the U Family community is to build up 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong and happy uh you know I mean well okay well uh um well well well well well well well well well well well well families' in Singapore with the development of family - focused initiatives and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like well uh um you know okay uh so programmes to strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa so like you know um um you know okay you know you know um was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his first IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and Martin Johnson, while the the the the the the the the the the the you know uh you know I mean so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of sustained first - person perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective uh I mean you know so so um so I mean um well in film film film film film film film film film film film as a reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old manager an easy ride and and and and and and and and and and and uh uh like well I mean I mean I mean like well okay let him add add add add add add add add add add add to the three title success he had managed them to in so you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay like um uh okay you know you know his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing distributed video systems you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like um well well uh uh across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery and trucks, in many I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um um you know like um okay um cases the division made use use use use use use use use use use use of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in eight years with Colchester, an achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement that meant the former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the Doce Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is is is is is is is is is is is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown, Ohio, and and and and and and and and and and and like well so so you know um I mean um I mean you know is shaping up to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or or or or or or or or or or or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, of course, of course, of course, of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans drew 4 -- 4 um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um okay you know like okay you know um with Wolverhampton Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers Wanderers on 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 uh so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay well you know okay uh -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al saad saad saad saad saad saad saad saad saad saad saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang Hong, a dissident blogger who who who who who who who who who who who well okay okay uh so like um um I mean uh had been sent to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission approved nomination of the building building building building building building building building building building building for okay I mean uh you know I mean so uh like okay like like like like like like like like like like like the National Register of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the after the war, approximately 80 % of the the the the the the the the the the the Loyalists stayed in the United States; so like um uh okay well uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay however, perhaps 70, 000 loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen as the Gunpla Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle uh so um well like okay um okay like uh Championship's image character, however, when when when when when when when when when when when she realizes that she is pregnant with her second child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica as well, although the the the the the the the the the the the ownership um uh you know like I mean um okay well uh so of FEC and and and and and and and and and and and RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in Varanasi on the Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer from Liechtenstein who you know know know know know know know know know know know so um um um so well like so okay plays club football for Port Lions F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team of FK Partizan in Serbia okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know um uh okay um so um before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager of the UIC and went you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so um okay uh like you know okay you know on to publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish several books, including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the the the the the the the the the the the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 is the only model currently produced and available in in in in in in in in in in in the United States, while well you know okay well I mean uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay the GZ125 is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the country on many international like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay um like like like uh like I mean visits. Now days she is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was he was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour led by Andrew Fisher, so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well I mean uh you know so so um while the the the the the the the the the the the Labour minority government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest her latest her latest her latest her latest her latest her latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest latest her latest her latest her latest her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched fetched her a Best Actress nomination at the like like you know um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean okay Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype directly inside contemporary so like like like like like like like like like like like so well I mean you know you know okay so like culture with the Black Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke University where he was was was was was was was was was was was the first Duke basketball player to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press apress apress apress apress apress apress apress apress apress apress photographer who was was was was was was was was was was was covering the riot in Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, I mean um so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh so uh um like while a bus was set alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started more than 100 years back back back back back back back back back back back okay uh so you know I mean so well um uh um providing education up to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 WPA World Eight - - - - - - - - - - - I mean like uh um you know you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like ball Championship, but lost to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out through his mother that Alma attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted suicide well like so uh like um well um like like by slashing her her her her her her her her her her her wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get killed if he um so so so so so so so so so so so um um you know okay you know uh okay well does so, Andy puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts puts the final piece of on rock, which then falls into the um like well well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean well I mean so okay portal, which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs to break party ranks and and and and and and and and and and and um okay um okay you know I mean so well you know okay vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote against the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, and in the the the the the the the the the the the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since available since available since available since available since available since available since since since since since since since since since since since available since available since available since available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was was was was was was was was was was was developed under the GPL v3 license I mean um like so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean and offers a series of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the Sundanese music uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh uh I mean okay uh um uh of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and agree to call each each each each each each each each each each each other after I mean well you know I mean well so uh uh well well they they they they they they they they they they they both wake up to see if they were both really there and then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as the three main bearing engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine so okay I mean well I mean uh well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay was liable to crankshaft failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new campus was sold and developed with with with with with with with with with with with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the same name by Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Lewis, I mean well so so uh I mean so uh well okay about the Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial crisis of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining after joining after joining after joining after joining after joining after joining after after after after after after after after after after after joining after joining after joining after joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased increased recognition for survivors, and she I mean I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like okay I mean uh successfully negotiated that they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since 2008, Verreos has been like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well well um you know uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well well a regular panel member on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in located in located in located in located in located in located in in in in in in in in in in in located in located in located in located in the Carriage House is the the the the the the the the the the the Pioneer Museum, which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and sebastian and the Negro Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' while his short stories have been published in a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and Mr. Bennet explains that her you know um um um um um um um um um um um like well like uh um okay so so that Chandra has a list with Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High High High High High High High High High High High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Georgia, was so well okay um I mean well well like so um established established established established established established established established established established established on November 29, 1930, by the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 appearances for Rotherham between uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean so uh uh so okay uh 2002 and 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 he was a key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls 'Generation's songs, Soo - young okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so so um uh uh uh so has helped penning the lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the Canton of Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated so like I mean like like okay um so uh um to Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Lady of the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's the album's the album's the album's the album's the album's the album's the album's album's album's album's album's album's album's album's album's album's album's the album's the album's the album's iconic cover image of the jack of of of of of of of of of of of diamonds playing card being shredded by you know you know um like so so so so so so so so so so so well okay uh um so a bullet is used in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources (primary and secondary batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); batteries); um okay so I mean you know uh um okay well you know however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, there are no convenient, constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained classically classically classically classically classically classically classically classically classically classically classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy of Music you know you know so I mean okay um um I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay & Drama he won a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no profit with the exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception exception of the so like like you know okay uh so I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well sale of his farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they become evermore corrupted by like you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean okay I mean I mean so like the influence of of of of of of of of of of of power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group that is listed on the like like like like like like like like like like like well okay you know I mean well okay um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic island there are a a a a a a a a a a a few so well you know I mean like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported she reported she reported she reported she reported she reported she reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported she reported she reported she reported she reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Islamist militia in Kismayo, which so okay okay you know you know uh um like so so so so so so so so so so so well at the time controlled the court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne is the largest full - service service service service service service service service service service service marketing and communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was aware of how different the two tracks were were were were were were were were were were were and that it would be 'exciting' to so uh uh like well well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay you know uh visit the city for the first time and his team wanted to maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to the antelope mainly due to to to to to to to to to to to okay you know like you know so uh um well like so its great great great great great great great great great great great size, but it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted to the RLM but it it it it it it it it it it it like so so so um so well so I mean so was the design design design design design design design design design design design of Walter Günter with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who gained the attention of Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe the tattooed bodies of okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like um well like I mean you know okay the people residing in the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington Wolves in the well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like you know uh um you know um Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based on a different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired of the long journey and was bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark (Peak time only) was was was was was was was was was was was okay so uh uh so okay okay well well um operated briefly with the the the the the the the the the the the service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, online friendships have changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed significantly; it okay well uh well okay well like so like you know know know know know know know know know know know is possible to hold real - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the city of of of of of of of of of of of Breslau to I mean I mean okay you know okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay be a fortress ( 'festung' ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the action was begun begun begun begun begun begun begun begun begun begun begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in 229 BC, that uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean uh like so uh like I mean involved Illyrian forces under Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta Teuta attacking the city as part of the Illyrian so you know well um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know like like Conquests took place in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, founder, um uh you know so like okay um okay uh like president, and CEO of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch Neudorf' that was used before the the the the the the the the the the the well I mean so like uh well okay like uh so year 1914 notable is is is is is is is is is is is that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the old skool rave rave rave rave rave rave rave rave rave rave rave / like uh I mean I mean I mean uh so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know jungle techno sound and releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) (Canton) province, um uh um uh um like so okay like so and the Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 July 1876, and worked first as as as as as as as as as as as like okay well okay well you know okay so okay well a school teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left Germany in January 1933, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um so like um like well okay and seven months old, John and and and and and and and and and and and his mother arrived in England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station the station the station the station the station the station the station the station station station station station station station station station station station the station the station the station is located on the Milwaukee District / / / / / / / / / / / West, North Central Service okay um I mean I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean and Milwaukee District / North lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of of of of of of of of of of of October 2013, serves as the president of I mean like okay like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well okay well um the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became the 'de facto' dictator of of of of of of of of of of of Charleston until okay so like so so you know uh you know you know um the town town town town town town town town town town town was abandoned around 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he was working at a railroad company, and well well well well well well well well well well well like so I mean like uh so okay so like found that monthly accounting was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, California and is mostly known you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well uh like like well well um like for his time time time time time time time time time time time with the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under Amasis II. This brief period of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean I mean so you know you know so uh Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian domination left its influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with Search for a Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star (Launched as like okay so like you know uh so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um a joint project with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter what the cost, while some some some some some some some some some some some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has a degree from Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston College, so I mean well well I mean uh like so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber full of water at less less less less less less less less less less less than okay like like I mean well um like well so like atmospheric pressure which is is is is is is is is is is is formed when the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white Boston attorney who later okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well I mean like uh well um uh went on to become president of of of of of of of of of of of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find a man, but you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so uh uh so uh I mean okay Joyce insists insists insists insists insists insists insists insists insists insists insists that she doesn't need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, silver was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist of straight sections across the hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, hill, I mean um okay um well you know uh okay like okay followed by sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp turns to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is is is is is is is is is is is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted on assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong I mean um you know well uh um well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh like and Macau, as the physical land on which Hong Kong and and and and and and and and and and and Macau stand used you know I mean so okay I mean I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um okay well to be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported to be in fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair fair um I mean uh um um like okay so um um health in 2008, at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera received an order to to to to to to to to to to to sew a um uh okay you know uh so like I mean I mean uh number number number number number number number number number number number of Russian military uniforms that later were used in an exchange of gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire gunfire at like okay you know well like um I mean well well okay Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from from from from from from from from from from from 1463 um like well well like so like okay uh um - 1471, on the site site site site site site site site site site site of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the Israelites again turned away from from from from from from from from from from from God after you know so I mean I mean okay uh um I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 40 years of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge as revenge for being fired, Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal orders his henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well so so I mean you know so okay you know million - dollar ransom, which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color the color the color the color the color the color the color the the the the the the the the the the the color the color the color the color palette would have remained at 4096 colours but the the the the the the the the the the the resolution could go up like okay you know uh like well like um so so so so so so so so so so so okay to 1024 × 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling pay - per - - - - - - - - - - - like I mean uh so well um um uh um like view (PPV) event event event event event event event event event event event produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 and the then Peninsular you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well so so like um um okay you know and Oriental Steam Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Navigation Company (P&O) of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become ensnared in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent may clip the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well okay well um um so okay referee -- while a wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler wrestler would probably only be knocked back in this situation, the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December in December in December in December in December in December in in in in in in in in in in in December in December in December in December in December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses as a blunt instrument, with with with with with with with with with with with like uh like you know I mean okay uh uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean it, she's able to send strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers their writers their writers their writers their writers their writers their their their their their their their their their their their writers their writers their writers their writers their writers were regarded as being dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to creativity and patriotic values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean well uh well so I mean like the autobiography of Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la la la la la la la la la la la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria la Gloria is a municipality of of of of of of of of of of of the Department of Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi was attacked by by by by by by by by by by by a um you know like well you know uh so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um massive force of Spaniards that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped define the field I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like you know I mean like so so I mean um of American American American American American American American American American American American paleontology; he was a prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which meant that Rihanna would would would would would would would would would would would reveal well well well so you know uh um um you know um the title of the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original the original the original the original the original the original the the the the the the the the the the the original the original the original the original the original project its from 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, 1771, and its conclusion and inauguration from 1840, was like so uh like well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or Ninja Turtles) are are are are are are are are are are are a team uh like like well I mean uh I mean so okay so of of of of of of of of of of of four teenage anthropomorphic turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and the tallest commercial building building building building building building building building building building building in the Town okay like um um you know so okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of Newburgh, now stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a design by the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay like you know uh I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and Serpentor and took them them them them them them them them them them them to so so uh so uh I mean um um um uh their hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden hidden headquarters to try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to sign an American player when when when when when when when when when when when they you know um like you know uh like like I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean signed former major league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked as a maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, maid, and cooked um um you know um so like I mean so well you know know know know know know know know know know know Southern - style meals for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third - tallest such 'intertidal' um um um um um um um um um um um you know um okay like I mean like well okay so (meaning it can be be be be be be be be be be be reached by land) structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, they are regularly seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen around uh okay um so uh well you know you know um okay the islands as as as as as as as as as as as well as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval weapon with a low muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle velocity, um you know I mean so I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well and is said to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a number of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful heir, Idris said a a a a a a a a a a a like okay okay uh I mean okay you know well uh I mean family council council council council council council council council council council council would decide who would be king, not an heir, and that you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay okay I mean uh you know uh his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male his male his male his male his male his male his male male male male male male male male male male male his male his male his male his male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with its sister station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for the stage, including including including including including including including including including including including Juliet in Romeo so so you know like um like so um um well well well well well well well well well well well and Juliet she shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 19. 495 and took took took took took took took took took took took well okay like you know uh okay you know you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like his sixth pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the Habsburg Monarchy, it was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um okay you know okay um like uh devastated several times during the the the the the the the the the the the Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars of I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean so so well I mean okay King Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although although although although although although although although although although although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels entered you know um you know so uh so you know uh I mean like London on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in Business Award in you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay uh uh so I mean so um well the non-profit category category category category category category category category category category category as presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom or Breda but but but but but but but but but but but at the um well I mean you know so like so okay well um um um um um um um um um um um same time he had worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then he then he then he then he then he then he then he then then then then then then then then then then then he then he then he then asks if he can kiss her, to which which which which which which which which which which which she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's farmer's son of well okay uh I mean uh like like I mean you know well Swedish and Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 to 1927 was called called called called called called called called called called called well uh I mean so okay so well um like I mean the Nevada - California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as a volunteer in the Civil uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh like okay well I mean so um War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, the red pigment in like like like like like like like like like like like like so like so I mean um you know okay well blood, but are also found found found found found found found found found found found in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part of a collection so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay you know um well well I mean of dances in a piece entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines and the elder okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean like well okay you know well I mean brother of travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel writer Bill Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the premises at Great Patrick so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean um I mean you know well Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly until the new okay well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay well um okay okay so Secretariat building was opened in in in in in in in in in in in 2010, but shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a as a as a as a as a as a as a a a a a a a a a a a as a as a as a as a player, he was said to be be be be be be be be be be be very smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious case of alcoholism and having having having having having having having having having having having like um uh like you know uh well so I mean okay never previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously consumed anything stronger than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, okay I mean you know okay um um well so I mean I mean He He He He He He He He He He He claimed that Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate arm, its current portfolio of projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects uh you know I mean like uh okay I mean well so well include mixed - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any other intervention in America, however, it well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh well well I mean like I mean you know okay should be noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted that often Drug courts are the only avenue for entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a a a a a a a a a a a Canadian professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the women's provincial curling championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship like um so I mean I mean uh you know you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean for the Northwest Territories and Yukon, will be held from January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and abuse against his chiefs; so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean um I mean well you know you know so he he he he he he he he he he he went still further, bespattering with mud the whole French army, and even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train one day from from from from from from from from from from from Twickenham you know uh so I mean okay you know uh like so so so so so so so so so so so like to his office in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school the school the school the school the school the school the school school school school school school school school school school school the school the school the school the school is architecturally divided into the primary and and and and and and and and and and and secondary, bisected by the entrance you know I mean okay I mean uh well uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay so road and connected via an underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell the shell the shell the shell the shell the shell the shell the the the the the the the the the the the shell the shell the shell the shell has a much flatter spire than in other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to identify a younger male male male male male male male male male male male well so you know so like okay um okay like okay or female that an an an an an an an an an an an older individual was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' or the Italian word 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon avon avon avon avon avon avon avon avon avon avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded by David H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, even though she is never seen okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay like uh um uh I mean using it, and and and and and and and and and and and was removed in the PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high school, and soon after after after after after after after after after after after booked uh well well okay well you know okay okay well like her first first first first first first first first first first first two jobs in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 in Holstein and sent to Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp okay I mean okay well uh I mean okay so um so 165 in Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Watten, Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent so so well so well well well well well well well well well well well like okay um so you know to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station in the Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, New South Wales you know I mean I mean well okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay like district, was a successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were were were were were were were were were were were like uh okay I mean like you know I mean so well um both both both both both both both both both both both African American, and video from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of Events', local fears okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay like so um you know so so of rebellion and and and and and and and and and and and pressure from the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is is is is is is is is is is is pluto is pluto is pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name the name the name the name the name the name the name the the the the the the the the the the the name the name the name the name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him and he confronts her about the so so so so so so so so so so so you know like so I mean like I mean so well um engagement telling her that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British prime minister, Nuri al - - - - - - - - - - - Said, uh uh well so well you know um you know well like was was was was was was was was was was was in place until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official the official the official the official the official the official the official official official official official official official official official official official the official the official the official the official video premiered on her official website on on on on on on on on on on on 23 November and then went okay okay well so so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay so to all UK music channels, the video is black and white and sees Ferguson singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, Illinois, the events were held held held held held held held held held held held in the Berwyn Eagles Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the basis of an interesting experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment experiment uh so okay okay like so you know okay well like in football, football, football, football, football, football, football, football, football, football, football, called 'Morisca' (The Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well well well well well well well well well well well as the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert Darrell, who sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent her in like um I mean uh so okay well I mean okay I mean 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 to Grand Turk, which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of HMS 'Agincourt' in the the the the the the the the the the the so uh so like uh um like I mean okay like Grand Fleet from from from from from from from from from from from 1914, as Second - in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and his book 'How to Talk Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty and you know you know I mean uh you know well well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay Influence People', but it was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Broadcasting executives said they expected expected expected expected expected expected expected expected expected expected expected well um I mean okay okay I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um to buy WKBS (UHF channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook vegetables using the water water water water water water water water water water water well um so okay um well like okay okay well inside the vegetables without any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can it can it can it can it can it can it can it it it it it it it it it it it can it can it can it can also refer to a a a a a a a a a a a graph showing the volume of water reaching a particular okay so um well like like like like like like like like like like like you know so you know well you know outfall, or location in a sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season in season in season in season in season in season in season in in in in in in in in in in in season in season in season in season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to to to to to to to to to to to work for her on missions okay well I mean I mean so um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean so other A. R. G. U. S. Agents are unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling to perform and tries like okay you know like okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so to have Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham riot, on September 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 so you know uh well you know you know well so okay like like like like like like like like like like like and 8, in response to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) is a French French French French French French French French French French French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research team to conduct a detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed detailed case uh uh like well um well well so like like study on her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, and in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World the World the World the World the World the World the World the the the the the the the the the the the World the World the World the World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions in North Sydney including beach defences defences defences defences defences defences defences defences defences defences defences uh you know you know well okay uh like like like I mean to to to to to to to to to to to respond to possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where it it it it it it it it it it it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport the airport the airport the airport the airport the airport the airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport the airport the airport the airport the airport is one of the busiest single runway runway runway runway runway runway runway runway runway runway runway airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most the most the most the most the most the most the most the the the the the the the the the the the most the most the most the most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an as an as an as an as an as an as as as as as as as as as as as an as an as an as an as an international he played five times for for for for for for for for for for for Ireland before it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became the subject of controversy when when when when when when when when when when when a um uh I mean uh you know uh uh well uh okay secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret 2005 recording surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he wishes to marry the princess, but but but but but but but but but but but okay well you know well uh so uh um so so she laughs and tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells tells him that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took the majority of the town late well okay I mean uh well uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um so uh Monday evening after an earlier battle between Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her after her after her after her after her after her after her her her her her her her her her her her after her after her after her after her contract ended she went to a year year year year year year year year year year year in the India and like I mean um um uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary team there have have have have have have have have have have have discovered an alien pod; while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at 24 Saville Row which which which which which which which which which which which gained well so uh I mean um okay okay um you know well a a a a a a a a a a a first place WAN Facade Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve white pullover sweat shirt, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well so you know okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom front front front front front front front front front front front like um you know uh so um I mean you know I mean um of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in in in in in in in in in in in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which which which which which which which which which which which was also used by other like um I mean so well um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay Residents and Governors, and so it became known as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) was a Fijian chief like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay so like uh okay I mean well like and statesman, who played played played played played played played played played played played a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded man in a black black black black black black black black black black black suit jacket like you know uh like I mean uh I mean um like so so so so so so so so so so so with white lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1. 01 males 01 males 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 males 01 males 01 males 01 males 01 males 01 males 01 males 01 males males males males males males males males males males males 01 males to 1 like so you know um um um like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so female -- the greater number of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite after Timber Country was was was was was was was was was was was I mean well well well I mean I mean okay like like so withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn from the race with a fever and won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie Guerrero during his last heel heel heel heel heel heel heel heel heel heel heel run uh okay so so uh so uh so you know um and feud feud feud feud feud feud feud feud feud feud feud with Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well so so um like well well I mean the 1910s, and 1920s playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing at representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was founded in May 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 I mean so so uh I mean okay um I mean um well to provide a forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the rights and um like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh I mean I mean uh so privileges granted to Russia by by by by by by by by by by by China in the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged well so you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh okay you know well you know by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, while KTVG was owned well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean okay well you know uh uh so uh by Hill Broadcasting Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, mother, and two sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters - okay okay so um well uh um so um like in - law law law law law law law law law law law to gain control of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters beyond the group's I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know so I mean uh okay uh um control, these these these these these these these these these these these two releases failed to get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just short of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one whiskey and drug store, and like well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know like I mean okay well um well the population consisted mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly of railroad workers, but this store was later joined so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so okay okay okay you know uh by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless and loveless and loveless and loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the the the the the the the the the the the chest; they then strangled Sharer uh like you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like um with a rope until she was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after the theft; the second theft theft theft theft theft theft theft theft theft theft theft uh I mean I mean so okay okay uh you know well so occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has she has she has she has she has she has she has has has has has has has has has has has she has she has she has she has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - 2 draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw away at IF Brommapojkarna uh I mean like okay I mean well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so on 26 September 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the ring, but is uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh um you know okay I mean so like so dismayed when he finds finds finds finds finds finds finds finds finds finds finds out that Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy little little little little little little little little little little little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family you know well you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well um you know like uh starring Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in in in in in in in in in in in the school year of 1994 in whom like um um well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean he organized / introduced Karatedo as a sport in in in in in in in in in in in school and a regular P. E. Subject so like so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like so to all pupils and presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is referred to as a large keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson is actually a 7. 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay 5m okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um uh uh like um you know like long mast - - - - - - - - - - - step timber made of oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in the release; these these these these these these these these these these these are short - form pop okay uh you know so um um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so songs featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that is a member institution of of of of of of of of of of of uh um okay um okay um um okay uh okay the Sydney College of of of of of of of of of of of Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well um so okay so I mean like qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their apartment, and becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes a I mean like okay so okay okay so um I mean you know slave of of of of of of of of of of of her own paranoid fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan society; the president oversees I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like okay um well well I mean well okay this and the would be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for all the character's bodily movements; like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean uh okay well well uh uh okay minor movements to the stick controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled the upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball several baseball series machines were tested and showed much much much much much much much much much much much - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed you know well like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um okay so that the maximum amount of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy they could produce would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English footballer who plays uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know well I mean I mean um you know for for for for for for for for for for for Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town as a striker and has represented England like like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh you know uh like so uh um at U17, U19 and and and and and and and and and and and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated by by by by by by by by by by by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and okay uh like okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh so Tri-City, on 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten the peasants but quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite the um okay okay uh you know you know so um so you know opposite was was was was was was was was was was was true - over the next year they secretly prepared for war, recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - range rockets were destroyed in I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um um um um like okay I mean airstrikes that lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted 34 minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the the the the the the the the the the the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost village in the Golan, it is located from from from from from from from from from from from the Sea of Galilee at okay like well okay uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know a height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from 1946 until 1972 when um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh okay you know well okay uh okay um Cornell University reorganized the lab as as as as as as as as as as as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by the White Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs in 1299, um well so well well uh so you know so uh but he and and and and and and and and and and and the Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in the Pennsylvania state troops and so so so so so so so so so so so like uh um you know you know like you know you know like marched marched marched marched marched marched marched marched marched marched marched with Benedict Arnold on Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert well well well well well well well well well well well like uh like uh I mean okay uh like like R. Livingston), and and and and and and and and and and and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded in 1963 in North okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so you know so you know okay so well London, best known known known known known known known known known known known for their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus to warn them you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know uh I mean like like okay uh to no no no no no no no no no no no avail, after Beavis moons the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the Contra Costa County you you you you you you you you you you you know so like I mean so so well um so you know Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce was bruce was bruce was bruce was not elected to a second term in in in in in in in in in in in 1881 and in 1890 the uh uh okay okay uh so um I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know Democratic - dominated state legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most black I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay so um like well so so you know voters, a situation that persisted into into into into into into into into into into into the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because of his desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire to uh uh I mean I mean um okay uh like I mean like unite all all all all all all all all all all all all Slavs in one Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in in in in in in in in in in in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 Little played a Star in in in in in in in in in in in the ITV comedy drama 'The Flint uh um so so you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um um Street Nativity' which also starred Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September in September in September in September in September in September in September September September September September September September September September September September in September in September in September in September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference voted to condemn the UCU's so you know like like so uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um 'perverse' decision, and called for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, Merano, or Meranie,) was created during the German Empire like so uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well uh well okay time. It is also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing and was featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured as um like uh uh like like okay you know well like a cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 154 of 154 of of of of of of of of of of of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the the the the the the the the the the the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % of the oil uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um like okay you know like so so had been contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained contained and that the slick had been removed from about 95 % of Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which sees annual long monsoon rains rains rains rains rains rains rains rains rains rains rains. Weather is weather is weather is weather is weather is weather is weather is is is is is is is is is is is weather is weather is weather is weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very limited distribution (only 13 um um um um um um um um um um um um you know um well you know okay so okay I mean copies), and from 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 to 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the on the on the on the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the the the the the on the on the on the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, who who who who who who who who who who who announced that his objective was the capture of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there however, there however, there however, there however, there however, there however, there there there there there there there there there there there however, there however, there however, there however, there have been some discrepancies with with with with with with with with with with with the use of this method including differences okay like so uh um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um in observations when using single and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the FOX series 'The O. C' C' C' C' C' C' C' C' C' C' C' so um uh um well uh I mean well okay I mean. She She She She She She She She She She She had she had she had she had she had she had she had she had had had had had had had had had had had she had she had she had a six - episode recurring role as Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Fischer in the first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and other extremists tend to view view view view view view view view view view view you know uh you know okay okay uh okay like you know uh the peacock angel as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted retirement community located mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly like so like so uh so you know you know you know I mean in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and other multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William William William William William William William William William William William thomas William thomas William thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 1995) was a Major okay well like so um I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well League Baseball pitcher for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 315, 000 signatures for okay well I mean you know so okay like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the admission to the elections, in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad for the the the the the the the the the the the first time okay well you know well you know uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um in May 2007 for an end of season tour to the United States and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, Bora, al like well I mean so so like uh so you know uh - Turkistani was was was was was was was was was was was among the local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay um okay like like um I mean Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various types and models for fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed - uh um I mean like uh uh uh you know um like route service, service, service, service, service, service, service, service, service, service, service, and over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during World War II under under under under under under under under under under under the Emergency you know like well uh I mean well um uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and was released just well like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay well um okay like uh like before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon characterised by a tail I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean okay um well um um um composed of 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 to 40 feathers, abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led he led he led he led he led he led he led he he he he he he he he he he he led he led he led he led the team all three years in scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for Jessie, sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in downtown Toronto which houses the the the the the the the the the the the Ontario you know so okay well well uh okay um I mean okay Court of of of of of of of of of of of Appeal, the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Worth, which well well like okay okay okay like uh um so turned out to be be be be be be be be be be be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch of the present church, church, church, church, church, church, church, church, church, church, church, and um so like like like uh okay um uh um the church is famous for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the above list, but one source estimates the population at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture and fishing, with wheat you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean you know well okay you know uh well and barley barley barley barley barley barley barley barley barley barley barley widely grown; however, this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of the sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space - based experiment to so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay like um uh you know um so test the the the the the the the the the the the theory of general relativity, performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was headlined in newspapers across you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh uh so so like you know okay you know the United States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, as for example on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released following the song's success, which which which which which which which which which which which was I mean like so so well I mean okay like you know like also quite successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful as was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play home games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held off from eating of the like like like like like like like like like like like so like well I mean uh okay uh uh like boy's body and brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought Pelops back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have lead if they got so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well uh well like so so you know well married, however the realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism realism influence on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of playing incognito solo shows uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh so so like um like I mean so in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age of eleven at the National Ballet School School School School School School School School School School School um so uh so okay you know I mean I mean so well of Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, for seven years and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in their late grandfather's attic attic attic attic attic attic attic attic attic attic attic and brought so uh well so so you know you know okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so it to the attention of a local reporter, whose TV news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry this includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came he came he came he came he came he came he came came came came came came came came came came came he came he came he came he came to dance relatively late in life, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, his talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing the seat of Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome you know you know uh like okay okay you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um um in the South Australian House of Assembly as an Independent, after a shock shock shock shock shock shock shock shock shock shock shock win at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county located in in in in in in in in in in in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' ) was a program uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay so like so uh uh uh devised by the CIA in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several more times before like well well well well well well well well well well well like well uh okay like like so uh finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term eight term eight term eight term eight term eight term eight term term term term term term term term term term term eight term eight term eight term eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and sadly the rest of of of of of of of of of of of um uh well okay like um uh um I mean okay the house became became became became became became became became became became became little more than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know you know so um I mean you know (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around 1685 were in in in in in in in in in in in part a reunification like so you know I mean okay I mean so you know well well well well well well well well well well well well of the old La Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, resulting in 765 765 765 765 765 765 765 765 765 765 765 secondary explosions of okay um I mean you know like um so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so munitions and POL. Vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang vang vang vang vang vang vang vang vang vang vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao vang Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao Pao now regained the confidence in air power that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton Hall University, South Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, Orange, N. J okay uh I mean well like like you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh. Where he teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki Rua Theatre (formerly The like well well well well well well well well well well well like so you know you know okay uh I mean so Depot) in Wellington which presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented presented bi-cultural works and saw the emergence of award winning like uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um I mean like well um Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the Dark Hadou, before okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh um like um I mean um you know well Zangief has has has has has has has has has has has a chance to crush Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the fight, the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay like so you know uh you know uh okay who played in the the the the the the the the the the the National Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a huge financial investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment um you know you know I mean like okay I mean like uh uh in in in in in in in in in in in an effort to win another European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had had had had had had had had had had had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, and she performed her first scenes uh um um okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh so admirably, Then, much to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared in the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 in the early 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, where um you know um okay I mean so like so like okay he did his his his his his his his his his his his formal training at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the group prepares to spend the night; night; night; night; night; night; night; night; night; night; night; I mean like um okay um um uh you know I mean okay however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, they quickly find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section of Portland; master control operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations operations like so um well so okay well okay um um for both KPTV and and and and and and and and and and and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside to the outside of okay so like you know I mean well uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh the body, the back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk galaxy and one of the the the the the the the the the the the largest you know um well um I mean I mean like okay like so spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral spiral galaxies currently known, at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the diamond industry in the London London London London London London London London London London London like okay uh uh like uh you know you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know Chamber of Commerce and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA Riot Squad' is a a a a a a a a a a a supporters group for the Galaxy formed after a you know okay so well well well well well well well well well well well well uh so um you know so loss in the 2001 MLS Cup, when when when when when when when when when when when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged so um okay um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know a group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy the energy the energy the energy the energy the energy the energy the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy the energy the energy the energy of the falling water entrains the air into the water; the the the the the the the the the the the so so uh I mean I mean like you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean air is compressed by surrounding water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military said that the conclusion can can can can can can can can can can can uh okay I mean um uh um you know you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know be known to Shinozaki himself, and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green blue green blue green blue green blue green blue green blue green green green green green green green green green green green blue green blue green blue green blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she she she she she she she she she she she becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes very torn later in the story because her her her her her her her her her her her grandmother is dying and so like well um so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean she feels like she is killing her because the fairy godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother godmother finally found a replacement like well so so you know I mean so well like like like like like like like like like like like well and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, 216 in 2010; 85. 3 like you you you you you you you you you you you know well well you know you know um you know you know well % % % % % % % % % % % of the total population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now the dominant cultural force; a number number number number number number number number number number number so um you know well uh okay well I mean well well of its its its its its its its its its its its members were influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the during during during during during during during during during during during the during the during the during the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a as a as a as a as a as a as as as as as as as as as as as a as a as a as a as a result of this strengthening, industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial manufacturing and services were crowded out um like I mean um uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh and became non-competitive on world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of St Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, where the film was shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, okay well well um um um you know well like I mean including star Sean O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, O'Bryan, who attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a candidate to become mayor of Memphis, you you you you you you you you you you you know like so you know so like I mean well like I mean Tennessee and is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased and this particular escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape route okay so I mean um you know like like well uh well became less less less less less less less less less less less and less important, other means of leaving the GDR were used more often, for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was celebrated on the I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um okay um I mean okay you know well first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with together with together with together with together with together with together with together together together together together together together together together together together with together with together with together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning into into into into into into into into into into into the next track, um okay um so you know um so you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well a Phil Collins cover from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and and and and and and and and and and and later reached a career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon capture that removes carbon dioxide from I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well uh like so uh um so uh ambient air, air, air, air, air, air, air, air, air, air, air, as opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered with a very low initial initial initial initial initial initial initial initial initial initial initial okay like you know so you know I mean I mean so okay so interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest rate ( a so - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum payment, you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay um uh you know okay like like I mean which which which which which which which which which which which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars and teachers: laws issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued issued by I mean like you know well I mean so um like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of both Traditional and Inline designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, I mean well like you know uh well well I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know and sell a great number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 as the chestnut filly overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame overcame adversity you know like uh okay uh um um uh um um to win the Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after the caudal vertebrae start to to to to to to to to to to to you know well you know so uh I mean okay so like I mean curl, leaving enough tail to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed from cadre drawn from the the the the the the the the the the the Arab okay I mean so well well uh like well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know Legion, and it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) was an English children's children's children's children's children's children's children's children's children's children's children's author you know so so okay like uh um I mean like you know born in in in in in in in in in in in 1920 and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted it resulted from the merge of the the the the the the the the the the the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like uh you know um okay so medical faculty of Leiden University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in 1987 as the southern terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus terminus okay so um like well I mean you know okay I mean I mean of of of of of of of of of of of the DLR's initial system, and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June 1861, and the French French French French French French French French French French French had began uh uh so okay okay uh um okay uh I mean to report that that that that that that that that that that that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to live performing in Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a new enhanced version um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um uh I mean well um like um Sonic's Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the the the the the the the the the the the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse as a result of like well so well okay I mean okay okay you know well the the the the the the the the the the the war, is undermanned and struggles to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became he became he became he became he became he became he he he he he he he he he he he became he became he became he became he became the children's editor for for for for for for for for for for for the 'News Chronicle', and from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to reveal their location to you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like um okay like so I mean okay you know Johnny, believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing that the robot would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick W. Lander, a land land land land land land land land land land land surveyor okay I mean okay um okay well you know I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know for the U. S. Government, and returned to a studio he had taken um um um um um um um um um um um okay like well uh um okay like you know well at the Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold threshold for an action potential, and so the uh you know I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know like like well well so spike is typically crowned by a burst of of of of of of of of of of of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes the construction of four new like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so um I mean I mean so well you know know know know know know know know know know know stations in Boston, while work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias elias elias elias elias elias elias elias elias elias elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was born sometime in in in in in in in in in in in 1896 in you know uh I mean uh okay I mean well okay okay okay Yekaterinsolav, a a a a a a a a a a a small village in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in the 2005 National League Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Series, you know um uh you know um okay like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean with the winner of that series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the still the still the still the still the still the still the still still still still still still still still still still still the still the still the still the Daughters did not feel that they they they they they they they they they they they were doing enough, so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in born in born in born born born born born born born born born born born in born in born in born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie Dalhousie University with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', though a single line uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know so so so I mean so you know um hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest - running Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language in and of itself', you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean okay well so like so okay okay while lead editor Naomi Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner Zeichner went on to compare the album to the work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this village near Laheriasarai Tower in in in in in in in in in in in you know you know I mean uh you know you know uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh Darbhanga. Upto some extent you can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United States Attorney for the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern so like um you know okay uh uh like I mean like District of of of of of of of of of of of Michigan, won a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team to score 100 points against against against against against against against against against against against another Division 1 okay so like well like I mean okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well team, (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call from the Nova Corps requesting the the the the the the the the the the the okay like well uh I mean I mean well well so you know assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance of the Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second the second the second the second the second the second the second second second second second second second second second second second the second the second the second the second of four daughters of a well well well well well well well well well well well - to - do dental I mean um uh okay you know like well well well well well well well well well well well um uh uh surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in the German second tier league you you you you you you you you you you you know like like well like you know I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay during the January transfer window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are now followers of Islam, there are are are are are are are are are are are many Tanks still existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url parameter therefore the the the the the the the the the the the use of I mean so so well um like okay like uh so the asin asin asin asin asin asin asin asin asin asin asin parameter and any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field teams play at Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard I mean um um you know like like um um um I mean Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is almost the same size size size size size size size size size size size well I mean uh okay well okay uh like I mean well as HIP 110703, but don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, another son, another son, another son, another son, another son, another son, another son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, another son, another son, another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, legislature, then moved to well um okay I mean um so like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh Vincennes, Indiana, where he became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more episodes and air the original original original original original original original original original original original okay I mean like you know um well I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like Dragonball anime and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th February 1988, he lived in in in in in in in in in in in Morecambe I mean well I mean well I mean okay so I mean I mean okay Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway Kingsway estate from 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened its doors to its first batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch batch uh I mean okay I mean um like you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well of students pursuing Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states of consiousness and longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, longer, okay I mean uh I mean I mean like okay like um well freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform freeform improvised pieces of music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 1979 as the like um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean so um so uh uh last Persian monarch and and and and and and and and and and and in the resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season a half helping to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep the club in the Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron West KB KG you know know know know know know know know know know know so so I mean uh um well uh so well (c. 1457 -- 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 October 1525) was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners were trickling in on rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours I mean uh um okay um well like okay okay well of gold, driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving a population increase justifying the setting up of a police force, just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian politician, has been a National Party uh um well you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know um you know member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work her work her work her work her work her work her work her her her her her her her her her her her work her work her work her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland and his deep um um um um um um um um um um um uh like I mean I mean so so okay well I mean religious convictions informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed his work, there is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - yves - yves - yves - yves - yves - yves - - - - - - - - - - - yves - yves - yves - yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born (born (born (born (born (born (born (born (born (born (born March 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better well you know okay so uh okay like um um um um um um um um um um um um like known as Yves - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way to Valladolid, in the the the the the the the the the the the I mean I mean you know okay I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well like village of Cabezón, he met a resistance of about 7, 000 men men men men men men men men men men men under General Cuesta, you know okay um okay um so so well well you know deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period of strong economic growth so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like so like well like um like during the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he he he he he he he he he he he was um like um I mean so you know so well so okay called called called called called called called called called called called up to the Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square kilometres (1. 5 million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million I mean I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know uh okay I mean so sq mi), over one one one one one one one one one one one - third the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days in Hell,' you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know like okay okay okay um Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway durg railway durg railway durg railway durg railway durg railway durg durg durg durg durg durg durg durg durg durg durg railway durg railway durg railway durg railway durg railway station, located in in in in in in in in in in in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- 1950s most of the surrounding water water water water water water water water water water water well like like well I mean well you know uh okay like was filled in, so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the Las Vegas Metropolitan you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh uh well um I mean I mean like you know Police Department stated stated stated stated stated stated stated stated stated stated stated that one suspect, a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as as as as as as as as as as as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known as heptanyl acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate and acetate I mean um you know uh I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like C - 7, is a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a um um um um um um um um um um um uh so uh uh um you know okay like like Mexican footballer who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below a certain temperature, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so so well I mean you know you know I mean as there was was was was was was was was was was was a risk of the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % of votes cast, followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed by HDZ at 28 like so you know well okay you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well. 32 %, independent candidates received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all however, all however, all however, all however, all however, all however, all all all all all all all all all all all however, all however, all however, all however, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a a a a a a a a a a a mesaxonic foot structure on the rear well I mean um you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know feet: the symmetry of the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well as well as well as well as well as well as well as as as as as as as as as as as well as well as well as well and NV centres and molecules, quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum dots (QDs) can emit single you know uh I mean okay um you know um like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging is thought to be the the the the the the the the the the the I mean okay so I mean uh like so so well you know know know know know know know know know know know partial originator of traditional, popping, and locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based on her uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh so I mean like so well so ceramics for a festival festival festival festival festival festival festival festival festival festival festival in Seville Expo in 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani railway lineie 30 km like like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so uh okay I mean okay I mean from from from from from from from from from from from rewari also doubling of railway track is in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume assume assume assume assume assume assume assume assume assume assume most of the um I mean well so um well so I mean okay like duties duties duties duties duties duties duties duties duties duties duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized with the rest you know like like like like like like like like like like like like like you know well so well um like of his family, but he has has has has has has has has has has has started to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most of the supporting characters returned so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh well I mean like okay um okay for the new program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, which ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son son son son son son son son son son son of Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 -- 2 May 1864) like like like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean so um um so you know okay was a a a a a a a a a a a German opera composer, who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal trial began in 1996, and in in in in in in in in in in in September 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast Castle is one of a a a a a a a a a a a number of 'slave castles', fortifications in Ghana built by like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay uh well uh Swedish traders, originally for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group the group the group the group the group the group the group the the the the the the the the the the the group the group the group the group decided to continue as a trio for recording with with with with with with with with with with with Tony Banks on keyboards well like like I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know I mean and Mike Rutherford playing the guitar and bass guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar in the studio, although the line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is not considered a 'covered entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' entity' uh well you know so like like I mean um okay like under the Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain country in front of like like like like like like like like like like like so you know like like uh you know okay um okay Askot region of of of of of of of of of of of Uttaranchal state of India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the facilities for their summer practice and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice - cream salesman and a a a a a a a a a a a night okay you know okay I mean well well so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh - club bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 February 1933 - 4 July well well well well well well well well well well well so you know so like uh like you know well like 2009) was the son son son son son son son son son son son of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna marion marion marion marion marion marion marion marion marion marion marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea in the 3rd okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so uh uh like uh uh like century AD, the Goths soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a a a a a a a a a a a like well you know so um okay I mean so so like columnist for 'The Times' and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true experience of actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor George Voskovec, I mean well okay okay like okay well I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so who was kept interned at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying events for The like um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh like okay um uh I mean I mean Open Championship; the the the the the the the the the the the leading three players who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is gunn is gunn is gunn is gunn is gunn is gunn is gunn is is is is is is is is is is is gunn is gunn is gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were in possession of Mathura were okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um like like okay okay like you know advancing towards Pataliputra but getting the the the the the the the the the the the news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog what existed in in in in in in in in in in in okay like so well you know so you know I mean I mean like Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil at the time of the conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Tripp also attended, and all three three three three three three three three three three three um like uh uh you know like I mean so um so men would would would would would would would would would would would more than 20 years later play a key role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any unit that manages to get close close close close close close close close close close close well like I mean you know so so okay okay well I mean to them them them them them them them them them them them can take them out very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of two councillors to opt out like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know like so um um you know um so of retroactive salary salary salary salary salary salary salary salary salary salary salary increases that council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously he previously he previously he previously he previously he previously he previously he previously he he he he he he he he he he he previously he previously he previously served as president of the church's Brazil São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about 350 species species species species species species species species species species species of woody plants in I mean uh like you know okay so um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like the Antarctic flora, native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament of Switzerland, were held on like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so okay um uh uh uh I mean Saturday, October 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 2007; the second round of the elections to the Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the after the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took took took took took took took took took took took up the campaign against okay uh um you know so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean the truck system, by which employees were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie Red denies um like so so so so so so so so so so so well you know okay so I mean um well it at first, but later he he he he he he he he he he he tells them he did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four aircraft reached England, one well uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean like like um so um carrying a bomb which, aimed at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was cook was cook was cook was cook was cook was cook was was was was was was was was was was was cook was cook was cook was cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai were medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical practitioners and surgeons so like like um okay so so you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know who had been educated in Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is ranked 8 th overall in in in in in in in in in in in South um I mean uh okay uh you know okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know Korea, 7 th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in 2006 where he tallied 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 um uh well you know so you know so um uh well well well well well well well well well well well goals and 5 assists in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular beginner surfing spots in the um um um um um um um um um um um so so you know uh I mean uh okay okay uh San Francisco area, among among among among among among among among among among among surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a variety show program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, 'Love like so you know uh you know uh like like you know okay Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', Letter', from 2004 to 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months old, forcing her mother to move move move move move move move move move move move to like uh like like I mean um I mean you know okay I mean California to find work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and Julie looked after him at at at at at at at at at at at so I mean so uh I mean so so well okay so Eileen's, who who who who who who who who who who who vowed never to speak to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent on agriculture and fishing like like like like like like like like like like like well like well I mean I mean so like uh so however, a growing industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry in machinery and tourism has contributed well to the like so so you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um uh uh city's annual income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the notoriously dangerous mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining industry, so um uh well okay I mean I mean like uh uh 'Blind Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' turns a sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed him him him him him him him him him him him receiver of I mean so uh well like okay well well um uh the the the the the the the the the the the land office at Zanesville, and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the 325 but was bored so so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay I mean you know like okay okay like out to yield greater displacement and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to to to to to to to to to to to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to to to to to to to to to to to understand the philanthropic goals um um you know uh well okay well I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like and develop smart social investments and screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an unidentified, extinct genus of of of of of of of of of of of ichthyosaur discovered um um like I mean um uh well like uh like in 1874 which remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens threatens to tell you know okay I mean um well uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Liam that she is an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP Image Award for Best Jazz well well well well well well well well well well well well so like I mean uh okay like so okay Album in 2011 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri 'Geri Allen & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by a Royal Charter in 1662, but but but but but but but but but but but the uh well um you know you know uh you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like major outline of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from 1994 to 1999 under of of of of of of of of of of of Dictator Than like well you know um uh uh okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um Shwe's Cabinet, and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also known as Parsons Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological School) so uh you know well um uh um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean was an American horological school in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) is a former Czech football I mean okay uh like okay like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um you know player, he is a Holding midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address the address the address the address the address the address the the the the the the the the the the the address the address the address the address the address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while that of the nobility like like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean I mean I mean so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and military establishment waned, even though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 November 2013, in a 0 − − − − − − − − − − − 2 loss at C. D. Aves, he okay well uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well well you know was sent off in the 71st minute for for for for for for for for for for for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the the the the the during the during the during the during the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the NRHV are either privately uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well okay you know um I mean um well owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as however, as however, as however, as however, as however, as however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, as however, as however, as however, as however, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and and and and and and and and and and and the prosecutors were building their so uh I mean like okay I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um case, a number of key witnesses turned up dead and and and and and and and and and and and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, in chess, in chess, in chess, in chess, in chess, in in in in in in in in in in in chess, in chess, in chess, in chess, in chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his right hand useless from the paralysis, I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay well like okay okay well um like Avery with his left hand scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly 317 times per second, corresponding uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like you know okay like okay so uh to a period of of of of of of of of of of of 3. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary - born, who had visited Bishop like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well okay so uh uh I mean um uh Varnava when he was living living living living living living living living living living living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, some believe were designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could be solved in isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, isolation, and like um like I mean okay um I mean I mean well uh was was was was was was was was was was was mistaken because he had failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room in Plymouth and spent four four four four four four four four four four four so you know you know you know um so um uh you know um days days days days days days days days days days days in hospital in hospital but he was discharged after recovering but died on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was was was was was was was was was was was miranda was miranda was miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed he developed he developed he developed he developed he developed he developed he he he he he he he he he he he developed he developed he developed he developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the the the the the the the the the the the color of his first urethane wheels: while um you know uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know I mean Powell was making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this this this this this this this this this this this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis area to join a wrestling you know you know you know um well you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean um so tour in Japan and have another outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart um uh you know um you know you know um you know like like like like like like like like like like like like from being a member of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem also shows that a theory so well well well well well well well well well well well like you know so okay you know um okay uh with arbitrarily large finite models models models models models models models models models models models must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, well okay um I mean so okay uh you know okay well this term is disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham branham branham branham branham branham branham branham branham branham branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, as part of the the the the the the the the the the the Azerbaijan like um well you know well well well um so so Cultural Heritage Support Support Support Support Support Support Support Support Support Support Support Project of the World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when the SA, still in in in in in in in in in in in bed, I mean I mean um um well I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like were taken by surprise, the SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in established in established in established in established in established in established in in in in in in in in in in in established in established in established in established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, the company is noted for its historic like uh okay okay like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well role in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, racing, and industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album 'A Meeting by the River' like like like like like like like like like like like well okay well okay so I mean I mean so so with Ry Cooder, as as as as as as as as as as as well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and and and and and and and and and and and actor, with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around acting, so you stay very very very very very very very very very very very okay like so you know you know uh um um uh uh grounded here' to 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, the Canon FT QL, which so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well like I mean so um I mean was developed to combat the growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land to the south Dante's Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno making the um well like um uh uh um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh ruler of Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get dogs get dogs get dogs get dogs get dogs get dogs get get get get get get get get get get get dogs get dogs get dogs get dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; diet; wild and feral dogs you know um well um um like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but suffered an exit in in in in in in in in in in in the uh uh um okay okay um okay um um um quarter - finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body created by the the the the the the the the the the the UK so okay I mean like well well uh well uh so Government in in in in in in in in in in in response to the inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as principal guide from the um um um um um um um um um um um so well so you know like you know like um okay older older older older older older older older older older older Kate Middlemass in the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include include include include include include include include include include include a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film the film the film the film the film the film the film film film film film film film film film film film the film the film the film the film was declared a hit at the the the the the the the the the the the box office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has multiple albums distributed globally by by by by by by by by by by by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is not called up; okay like like like like like like like like like like like um you know so like you know you know I mean um learning that Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd - numbered frames, inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside the so okay like um okay so um I mean uh so super frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, and consists of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in Delhi for 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from from from from from from from from from from from the area of the Honourable Artillery Company near you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um um like so I mean okay uh Moorfields, first landing at North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Democratic party, serving in that position like like like like like like like like like like like well so so so okay you know so you know like 1998 to to to to to to to to to to to 2000, and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the Hamburg Opera so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like you know like I mean um okay well where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Sox sold out every home um um um um um um um um um um um like uh so I mean I mean you know so okay uh game (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 (794 regular season games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because she was a grave grave grave grave grave grave grave grave grave grave grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, Gazette, and the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until the late nineteenth century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, and so um I mean well okay I mean okay okay uh um the Mexican government's desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' (1981) with Jan - Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered in India that manufactures well well well well well well well well well well well um okay you know um you know so okay so well engines and and and and and and and and and and and heavy equipment, with shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 % of the shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares however I mean um okay like I mean um uh so so um most of its holdings in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted as noted as noted as noted as noted above, the present - day medical study study study study study study study study study study study of gender variance is well uh you know um um so you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh much broader than Benjamin's early description, and use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis ellis was ellis was ellis was ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the interior of a bivalve mollusk well well well well well well well well well well well so like um okay you know I mean well like uh shell's valves where the mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was he was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose central character is a a a a a a a a a a a recently - like well like okay um I mean you know well okay you know married married married married married married married married married married married male sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of the Australian colonies during during during during during during during during during during during the okay well like so well so uh I mean I mean um 1850s, however however however however however however however however however however however the granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act of 1946, like okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know well so um uh and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy Ragsdale, who had died died died died died died died died died died died okay okay okay you know so like so uh um um in an auto accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident accident near College Station, Texas on the way to see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is a Greek football player currently playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing you know uh well um well well okay so okay like as a left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha de Vera Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz Cruz went uh okay I mean okay okay so um so well um into disuse, for for for for for for for for for for for it was reckognised it was a continent, not an island anymore; well well um like you you you you you you you you you you you know um um well I mean well and before the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a New Zealand botanist and and and and and and and and and and and I mean um you know like um I mean I mean well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know also a naturalist who had a wide - ranging interest in natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural history, such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn the Inn the Inn the Inn the Inn the Inn the the the the the the the the the the the Inn the Inn the Inn the Inn the Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era era era era era era era era era era era as a repressive one uh I mean you know I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um so so well that contained anti-Christian discrimination and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied victor victor victor victor victor victor victor victor victor victor victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was a meeting of several high high high high high high high high high high high - um um um like okay I mean like I mean so I mean level level level level level level level level level level level al - Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law during law during law during law during law during law during law law law law law law law law law law law during law during law during law during law school, she was the managing editor at at at at at at at at at at at the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and like well okay well I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so so so you know like first gained notice as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' is said to have okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well well so like well like okay disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer from Bermuda, who released an an an an an an an an an an an like so you know um so well well okay well okay album on Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Records in 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the club, as all of of of of of of of of of of of the team's foreign uh I mean uh okay I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um player spots were used up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' Himes said that well well well well well well well well well well well so well um so well uh I mean um you know he was troubled by by by by by by by by by by by several actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because of heavy traffic, it used well well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean um uh like uh like so to be at the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a a a a a a a a a a a heavily - traveled highway uh like um like uh well like I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um before Interstate 57, which lies very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he gives some details and and and and and and and and and and and after so like okay I mean well well like so like so some some some some some some some some some some some research, Julie learns that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & Gilbert in Shanghai will will will will will will will will will will will also I mean you know I mean so uh like okay well you know so so so so so so so so so so so be transferred to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not choose to appear, and was was was was was was was was was was was deprived well so uh well I mean I mean like you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know of his estates, although it seems that he was able to have a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of siopao with local ingredients ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging from well uh okay so uh you know I mean well okay uh Spam and canned pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is tv is tv is tv is tv is tv is is is is is is is is is is is tv is tv is tv is tv is tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part as part as part as part as part as part as as as as as as as as as as as part as part as part as part as part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 when the company well well well well well well well well well well well um uh well I mean so okay well I mean okay head Melleefresh discovered the the the the the the the the the the the artist where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) was a Texas like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay well well well um uh like woman who, among other things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, claimed to have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film the film the film the film the film the film the film film film film film film film film film film film the film the film the film the film received generally mixed to positive reviews from from from from from from from from from from from critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so he asks Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter to uh I mean I mean okay well you know uh I mean okay uh lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock lock up the store for him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living in the Abbey sometime after after after after after after after after after after after the um okay uh okay um so uh uh um I mean 1745 Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Jacobite Rebellion, whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her and kept the well well well well well well well well well well well well um okay um I mean like I mean you know like cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean you know uh um uh like you know in a non-title lumberjill match, however, the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: for example, a vignette about about about about about about about about about about about I mean okay okay uh uh I mean like you know well I mean a a a a a a a a a a a house belonging to a collection of vignettes or a whole story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer or outside lane, since the the the the the the the the the the the like um well um okay like um um you know you know edge of the the the the the the the the the the the road nearer to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the group, featuring Joe Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler you know like well uh so like um you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean as lead singer on most tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, because if the the the the the the the the the the the so so okay uh like like I mean um um I mean population became became became became became became became became became became became mostly French, there could be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are turning points for trucks every and lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights lights and barriers at the entrances okay okay like so um okay so so so like like like like like like like like like like like to notify drivers if the tunnel is closed, as well as radio coverage and well I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know like well I mean uh well uh a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with one of the smallest payrolls in in in in in in in in in in in like well you know well well so um well I mean well the Major Major Major Major Major Major Major Major Major Major Major Leagues and with six of their starting position players, three of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills his skills his skills his skills his skills his skills his skills his skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills his skills his skills his skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by a Boeing 727 flown with with with with with with with with with with with FedEx, so so well um so well um well you know well with fewer than than than than than than than than than than than 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the stage with himself and Trilok so so so so so so so so so so so um okay uh okay like like I mean like like Gurtu at a fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened awidened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the University of London was so so so so so so so so so so so you know um okay uh I mean well well well um born in 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 1913 in Kha - ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, as as as as as as as as as as as there were no locals elected as I mean okay uh okay like well um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well staff and because the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe at a cafe when so so so so so so so so so so so well so like well okay like uh okay okay her car breaks down, however however however however however however however however however however however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon understood he was no more able to to to to to to to to to to to face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to the Virgen del Pilar, whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose I mean well uh um um you know well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know image had been given by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh uh well so I mean well so I mean named named named named named named named named named named named town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in the United Kingdom means means means means means means means means means means means a person like um you know uh uh well you know well uh you know or or or or or or or or or or or organization whose business is to market real estate on behalf of clients, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know um like okay I mean but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual exploration to be done; instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead like well I mean like you know so uh well like so players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were were were were were were were were were were were major historical Islamic states in northern like I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh well so um Nigeria that were strong states with strong kings kings kings kings kings kings kings kings kings kings kings who held an advanced legal and taxation well okay okay uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay I mean systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier Heritage Conference and offers offers offers offers offers offers offers offers offers offers offers well well you know so um well um I mean you know um soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay uh like you know you know I mean okay University University University University University University University University University University University Professor and Director of the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same name, and is located on on on on on on on on on on on um uh I mean so so I mean I mean so well okay the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Apprentices so well so you know like um so okay I mean well in in in in in in in in in in in State 411 HRD is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle Kinkaid's force had like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well you know uh like like so well put up against heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy odds, and the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started his spree by killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing his own grandmother, who had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Constantine built the new imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial well so I mean um uh you know I mean okay so um capital on the the the the the the the the the the the Bosphorous, i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation from the Northern Premier League, League, League, League, League, League, League, League, League, League, League, however well like like you know uh uh so I mean okay um the club club club club club club club club club club club countined, fielding youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core of a bullet was also also also also also also also also also also also a okay uh you know I mean okay I mean um well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know transformative event in firearm history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer and Krist um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean uh like I mean so so so Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in in in in in in in in in in in the 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy in a seemingly idyllic um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay you know well well I mean um society, learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns that he has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J. D.), Cooley also offers the the the the the the the the the the the Master you know okay like okay okay well um okay uh I mean of Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws (LL. M.) degree as well as joint degrees in Master of Business Administration (J. D. / / / / / / / / / / / M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are members are members are members are members are members are members are members members members members members members members members members members members are members are members are members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along with talk about iStories, I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like so okay um like I mean you know okay and talk about iPods, a a a a a a a a a a a nice, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators with octave divide - down down down down down down down down down down down to you know I mean you know you know like well okay like you know like provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide full polyphony, while the built - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in the fifth round (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th (115th selection I mean like I mean um um so like uh uh well overall) of the the the the the the the the the the the 1975 NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a Senate subpoena, Custer found found found found found found found found found found found like like like um well uh so well okay so he was the center center center center center center center center center center center of a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location and idyllic setting, prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices um so okay okay um like I mean uh well like in Kilgarvan have also mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', Michaels vacated the WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF World um like um uh so um um so like I mean Heavyweight Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; Championship; he explained to fans that he was informed by doctors that he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride to meet Shelby with uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know you know you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune feat. Fukase as the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean like um I mean like uh opening theme for the the the the the the the the the the the first eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 season 3 season 3 season 3 season 3 season 3 season season season season season season season season season season season 3 season 3 season 3 season 3 season 3 is not a live - action action action action action action action action action action action show, but a six - part like like well so okay like like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well comic book series 'from the minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an American actor, comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian and writer, okay like uh I mean uh uh well like okay I mean famous for for for for for for for for for for for being a cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages of the Paris electors ten days later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, okay so okay I mean um I mean so so you know I mean and and and and and and and and and and and the Mountain was strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word the word the word the word the word the word the word word word word word word word word word word word the word the word the word the word 'bar' is more common in in in in in in in in in in in British English, and the word 'measure' is uh okay um I mean um um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh more common in (an incomplete measure at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville received her primary education at uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean like like you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean home, later studying art in Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and stood as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image the image the image the image the image the image the image the the the the the the the the the the the image the image the image the image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's labs's servers and it utilizes neutral network and I mean okay um so so so so so so so so so so so so like like well okay I mean artificial intelligence to add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - The Resonance -' anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime okay so I mean uh so um well uh like um series directed by by by by by by by by by by by Manabu Ono and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD 945 and USS USS USS USS USS USS USS USS USS USS USS Dennis J. Buckley I mean I mean you know well okay like so you you you you you you you you you you you know like well DD - 808 steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San San San San San San San San San San San Bernardino Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the when the when the when the when the when the when the when when when when when when when when when when when the when the when the when the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking striking striking striking striking striking striking striking striking striking striking voltage, the gas in well so so um I mean uh you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know the tube ionizes, becoming a plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of a terrible and and and and and and and and and and and powerful uh um um well so you know okay so so you know aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat aristocrat named Lynx, who gained control of the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime current prime current prime current prime current prime current prime current prime current current current current current current current current current current current prime current prime current prime current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated for a president elected so well well you know like um like uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know by direct popular suffrage, but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, but hi power was broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: broken: um okay so I mean I mean well uh you know so so the the the the the the the the the the the emirs of Syria began to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian comedy TV series that was first first first first first first first first first first first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 to May 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, making him Hong okay well like okay well okay okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh Kong's longest serving governor; his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, California on 6 June 1976, at the age of 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, was taken up by debtors; like like like like like like like like like like like uh so so I mean so um well okay okay in 1773, debtors within within within within within within within within within within within 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at the planets Earth and I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh you know like I mean I mean uh okay well Pluto, the background of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the relevant country and are are are are are are are are are are are often as okay I mean I mean you know okay I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh detailed in their design as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was was was was was was was was was was was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, 1897, however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De De De De De De De De De De De festiva De festiva De festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Davis recorded like I mean uh I mean you know um uh like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his observations of Kubrick during the the the the the the the the the the the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with friends performing fights inspired by by by by by by by by by by by well okay uh like you know like like like you know you know Legend of Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in Ventura, California) played his you you you you you you you you you you you know so so you know uh you know like um uh uh college career at at at at at at at at at at at Ventura College for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this at this at this at this at this at this at this at this at at at at at at at at at at at this at this at this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az Apostol' ( 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Apostle' ), um uh you know you know I mean um uh okay well like like like like like like like like like like like an epic about a fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those of a Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader Reader (grade F) and like like I mean I mean you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean an associate professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 1993) is a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the the the the the the the the the the the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham the Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo at right) was adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted in 1965 I mean I mean uh well uh so uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so so when the down Wairarapa track was moved from the west to to to to to to to to to to to the east of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is a public use use use use use use use use use use use airport located um well uh I mean you know uh uh well um like one one one one one one one one one one one nautical mile (1. 85 km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and maintains more than four you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so you know um like um like like million million million million million million million million million million million square feet of inventory nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the over the over the over the over the over the over the the the the the the the the the the the over the over the over the over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- founding a small farm -- and um so okay um uh so um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like initiated a youth addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months behind schedule, with the the the the the the the the the the the okay uh okay uh well well like like well like overhead electrification now being completed in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, so so so so so so so so so so so so um well like so you know okay so well and on June 8, 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary mathematical tool, a trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick as it so well like so like like uh I mean like okay were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, to simplify the transformation from one system into another -- it was Poincaré in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, where he succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use people use people use people use people use people use people use people use use use use use use use use use use use people use people use people use the branches of this tree for making walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls and paste with mud well okay like okay like uh like like you you you you you you you you you you you know so for their thatched huts in villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent during most I mean you know you know I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know of his career, he fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Heck and is is is is is is is is is is is a powerful mystic, um I mean I mean like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like born over five hundred years ago in the mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic city of Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is a British singer / okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like well um I mean okay uh well songwriter whose first band Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are they are they are they are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician and a member of the Swedish parliament well um like you know well well well well well well well well well well well well um you know you know uh as a member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by the Fremantle Football Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club I mean so you know so I mean um you know so so uh with their their their their their their their their their their their third selection and forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um you know okay like you know like like like without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called up by Serbia's U- 21 coach I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know like okay well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um Miroslav Đukić to be part of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in the accident, that her significant um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean so um uh okay um well other was never found, and and and and and and and and and and and that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave he gave he gave he gave he gave he gave he gave he gave he he he he he he he he he he he gave he gave he gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in the entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment entertainment industry, okay you know so like so I mean you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev. The members are are are are are are are are are are are Anthony Yuryev well like you know well so like so okay I mean I mean (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with along with along with along with along with along with along with with with with with with with with with with with along with along with along with along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such such such such such such such such such such such bands as Voxhaul well um well so uh uh I mean okay I mean I mean Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast Broadcast and worked on projects with such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in Kansas, and so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean so I mean like so well I mean the School Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Media Licensure program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in Parke County, um um um um um um um um um um um uh like I mean uh uh uh so so uh Indiana and is a a a a a a a a a a a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role each role each role each role each role each role each role role role role role role role role role role role each role each role each role each role required three masks, these had to to to to to to to to to to to look similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to run through downtown Boston; however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, due like okay well um okay so uh uh well well to pressure from from from from from from from from from from from local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know okay so so so in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set up a private medical school in in in in in in in in in in in like like well okay you know like um okay uh so London with Sa'udi Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that name of the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 in 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate parent company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in New York City on December December December December December December December December December December December 13, 2016 uh um like um uh I mean um so so uh and had had had had had had had had had had had a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general election; he retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at born at born at born at born at born at born at born born born born born born born born born born born at born at born at born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and and and and and and and and and and and educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, uh I mean so like okay uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so Charuchandra College, Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to guard guard guard guard guard guard guard guard guard guard guard the Wind Tribe, and like I mean I mean well well okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh like there is a Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian you know okay well okay uh I mean well uh well okay wala, Hari Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is located on the eastern edge of the the the the the the the the the the the Ruhr area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC (30 August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students of Caulfield Grammar School School School School School School School School School School School and like um so well so you know I mean okay okay um / or Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Memorial Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard howard howard howard howard howard howard howard howard howard howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall Elementary School - part of the the the the the the the the the the the Cumberland County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a garment of smallest measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, if, for like okay okay well um um well well uh okay example, all garments were were were were were were were were were were were taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was held in the Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round okay I mean well well uh like you know well okay uh House House House House House House House House House House House until he was hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as one of Canada's leading institutions for for for for for for for for for for for graduate um well like so um you know okay um so well theological education and and and and and and and and and and and the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album featured the song 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I like so you know so um like you know so so well Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe In, I Breathe Out', which although never a single for Kersh himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students for the diverse so so so so so so so so so so so um um um well like I mean you know um uh opportunities in theiors classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, classes, electives to suit a wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, similar to many other other other other other other other other other other other sci well uh I mean um um you know so like um like - fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi shooters, and could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code the code the code the code the code the code the code the code code code code code code code code code code code the code the code the code was published by AIM International in 1997 and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June on June on June on June on June on June on June on on on on on on on on on on on June on June on June on June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will end automatically well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um so like you know I mean you know if the condition of of of of of of of of of of of the grantor occurs and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and on April 8, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, he well you know like well um uh like I mean okay like was outrighted from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, February 26, 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) was the oldest daughter um uh I mean uh uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean of Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming to raise awareness of um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean like so like well like I mean I mean the steaks available available available available available available available available available available available in the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or 17th century (cite reference), like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know so so well uh when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed on a large I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know um well like uh uh like scale in some areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas of China, frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered at the German State uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um like well I mean um so uh Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids some of with are the Rapides so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay um you know well well um you know I mean de Cap - - - - - - - - - - - Saint - Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT like like like like like like like like like like like like um well uh I mean like so um okay - R at the Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Mallala Raceway, with Richards moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: on 4 October 1999, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh you know well I mean okay a Su - 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 was shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter the latter the latter the latter the latter the latter the latter the latter latter latter latter latter latter latter latter latter latter latter the latter the latter the latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' role, because because because because because because because because because because because her naturally fair complexion um uh um so okay uh so okay uh like posed a problem to her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for playing in the international international international international international international international international international international international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or or or or or or or or or or or mehri or mehri or mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, language, language, language, language, language, language, language, language, language, language, a branch of the greater um so um well uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know Semitic language family, and is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in the nation which features a a a a a a a a a a a match like well well I mean okay uh so I mean like well - up between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was she was she was she was she was she was she she she she she she she she she she she was she was she was she was she was among the DOT fleet assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned to the nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like well uh uh that organization was formed in 1962 and and and and and and and and and and and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 % worth $ 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; 3Bn; and News um so so uh okay um um okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know Corp. Had a $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and some services are combined with with with with with with with with with with with okay okay uh uh okay I mean uh uh uh like those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, and it was um um um um um um um um um um um so um well well I mean well okay uh like discovered that this stemmed from an an an an an an an an an an an allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the death death death death death death death death death death death of Sanguinius to I mean okay well um um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character from the NBC sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom 'Friends', um like you know so like I mean so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the technician and the so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well like like okay like uh so art of the Macchiaioli, also also also also also also also also also also also devoting to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, Germany, and the United States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, States, okay uh okay okay like okay so uh you know like though they are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended he attended he attended he attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase of her life, she well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean okay okay I mean well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know became one of Venice's resident celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons before construction began, um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um well so uh okay well uh and the line was planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned instead to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola constitute the main okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean so so um okay uh so centre of population of the the the the the the the the the the the Donegal Gaeltacht and with a population of just over 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh um you know uh I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know Scandinavian Airlines System. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the late 19th and early 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th well I mean well um okay you know you know well like well centuries from from from from from from from from from from from supporters of Marxism who believed that the transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag Ismail Khel and was commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned uh well well like well uh I mean I mean okay um in the Pakistan Army's famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA PA PA PA PA PA PA PA PA PA PA Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency so like well so uh I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway is meant to to to to to to to to to to to connect directly the communities in the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, to resign in July July July July July July July July July July July 1781, McKean I mean I mean so I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station the station the station the station the station the station the station station station station station station station station station station station the station the station the station the station features a single island platform located in in in in in in in in in in in a cutting, served by the 'Local' so okay so I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um like pair of tracks with trains to the city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an independent brand called 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom Done well so okay I mean you know um um uh um uh Shop' that sells sells sells sells sells sells sells sells sells sells sells ethical t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough of Wandsworth, which has administered administered administered administered administered administered administered administered administered administered administered okay I mean like you know like like uh I mean uh um the the the the the the the the the the the commons since 1971 when a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is is is is is is is is is is is an American professional ice hockey player currently I mean okay I mean uh so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um okay playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its upon its upon its upon its upon its upon its upon its upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon its upon its upon its upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from from from from from from from from from from from film critics but some highly praised well I mean uh I mean okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean Pratt and Lawrence's performances, the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman Newman and um okay okay I mean um well okay so well like so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is she is she is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is a graduate of University of Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos Lagos where she received a bachelor's degree I mean so well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay like in Biochemistry; thereafter she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), son of William Rathbone III III III III III III III III III III III and so so well okay um um well like I mean you know Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rutter was a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen and what he was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well I mean well so well like well doing, one survivor said said said said said said said said said said said Wilde was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to vote during the whole week and the the the the the the the the the the the winner so like uh uh um uh I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean was decided only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May after May after May after May after May after May after May May May May May May May May May May May after May after May after May after May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) (AFRES) flying force consisted of 45 troop I mean um I mean you know well like like like like like like like like like like like um so um like carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development of the textile industry and and and and and and and and and and and okay I mean um like I mean you know okay well okay um created created created created created created created created created created created a new type of deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 The school U14 Football team were were were were were were were were were were were runners up in the National Cup, losing 2 - I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um uh I mean so so 1 to Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the at the at the at the at the at the the the the the the the the the the the at the at the at the at the at the age of 19, Adichie left left left left left left left left left left left Nigeria for the United States to well okay you know um well um like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh study communications and political science at Drexel University in Philadelphia; she transferred to to to to to to to to to to to Eastern Connecticut State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws laws you know uh I mean um um you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay and family court policies, and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden rejects the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, Holden meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming after filming after filming after filming after filming after filming after filming after filming after after after after after after after after after after after filming after filming after filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and finished 8th out of uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know well I mean well um the 25 competing countries, giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving Ireland its best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother and López herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) with so I mean I mean okay well uh okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility the facility the facility the facility the facility the facility the facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility facility the facility the facility the facility the facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in (in (in (in (in (in (in (in (in (in (in North America), when the Nationals so I mean so um um like okay well well well well well well well well well well well well you know hosted the Atlanta Braves on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to prior to prior to prior to prior to prior to prior to prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to prior to prior to prior to this decision there was much debate on the the the the the the the the the the the application of the Bill of Rights so I mean uh so okay like so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean uh to an infringing statute, the general opinion was that the the the the the the the the the the the Bill of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, the latter was apprised of like um um like okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um the same by their common mother Kunti and hence even though he was was was was was was was was was was was so okay okay like okay I mean um so so uh privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry william Henry william Henry william Henry william Henry william Henry william william william william william william william william william william william Henry william Henry william Henry william Henry william Henry Mudie (1830 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 10 July 1903) kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he he he he he he he he he he he well uh well I mean um so like like well um was 18 years years years years years years years years years years years old as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is is is is is is is is is is is bakan is bakan is bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November November November November November November November November November November November 1965) is an English former professional footballer who um so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so um was most recently the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to forced to forced to forced to forced to forced to forced to to to to to to to to to to to forced to forced to forced to forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released tv released tv released tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv released tv released tv released tv released tv released tv released tv released tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv released a 45 - minute documentary on you know well okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um um 'The Lonesome Crowded West, which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid to keep the billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard so I mean well I mean so you know okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so up for over four years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and all all all all all all all all all all all of the things he okay so I mean well you know like so so uh um um um um um um um um um um um accomplished were shattered into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor - in - - - - - - - - - - - chief at well uh like I mean well I mean like so uh well well well well well well well well well well well The Daily Wire, an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is a founding member of MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW MtW like like okay I mean like okay okay like well you know (Ministering the Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word - Zambia) and also a final year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of her energies on music music music music music music music music music music music production, well you know well well um like um like I mean like but but but but but but but but but but but she is also playing a weekly residency gig as a member of Texas Space Space Space Space Space Space Space Space Space Space Space uh I mean well you know um like um um okay uh Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a highly - selective liberal arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts uh um um well you know okay like well like so college and one of of of of of of of of of of of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented represented represented represented represented represented represented represented represented represented represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three three three three three three three three three three three European Championships -- helping the national I mean so okay so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh team finish second at Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been performed by the APO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, NZSO, like well so well uh well okay um well I mean WYO, DYO and and and and and and and and and and and NZSSSO), and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid subtropical region (using the Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen Köppen climate um well okay so so well like like uh like classification system) system) system) system) system) system) system) system) system) system) system) such as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags behind that of accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited Tennessee schools so well so uh uh okay okay you know so um (68 % % % % % % % % % % % vs. 82 % in 2005), and several of the larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation of the sun which um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay like okay like I mean so I mean had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an American stand - - - - - - - - - - - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Dreams', Garibaldi I mean well um okay uh like um I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um led the station security forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage performance with live singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing singing um um well so so like um um okay I mean and acting, were written written written written written written written written written written written and staged in Goa, since the time it evolved during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally accepted and he moved to to to to to to to to to to to so uh um well well well you know I mean uh I mean Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's local rivals Sunderland for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent he spent he spent he spent he spent he spent he spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent he spent he spent he spent he spent the next 16 years as a a a a a a a a a a a fugitive, though he was frequently called okay um uh uh you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like on to take part in murders; indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was especially influential in the expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding well so uh you know so okay you know well like uh Roman Republic and and and and and and and and and and and when it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well well you know uh like well so I mean luxury forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself lends lends lends lends lends lends lends lends lends lends lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself well to both big box and small roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof application because of its I mean okay okay so uh okay well uh well well well well well well well well well well well well hot air weldability. This means if you have copied this then you have have have have have have have have have have have I mean um you know like okay well I mean like uh so a small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate as being pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed out of um okay so so uh uh I mean well uh so so so so so so so so so so so office, and there has been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character the character the character the character the character the character the character the the the the the the the the the the the character the character the character the character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action action action action action action action action action action action setpieces are influenced by you know I mean so um like you know like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, plus an intertidal zone of of of of of of of of of of of a further uh well like um well like well um I mean um 16 acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, and has a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in Korea and Jang received her her her her her her her her her her her like uh like so you know uh um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know big break with her cute image and so as the other young stars in in in in in in in in in in in the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and opens up a new area of international international international international international international international international international international international um I mean so okay so you know I mean um you know like production, production, production, production, production, production, production, production, production, production, production, which at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is is is is is is is is is is is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee and and and and and and and and and and and is roughly bounded you know uh so I mean you know okay um um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know by Winchester Road on the north and the Mississippi state line on on on on on on on on on on on the south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury following an incident with a a a a a a a a a a a I mean so uh well you know um um um okay um BB gun; he he he he he he he he he he he would later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In cave In cave In cave In cave In cave In cave In In In In In In In In In In In cave In cave In cave In cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of the Penza Governorate, the village of of of of of of of of of of of Shuksha well uh you know you know uh you know you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean and worked in several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david david david david david david david david david david david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, England) has has has has has has has has has has has been Professor of Mediterranean like so I mean well so you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um History at the University of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, he announced that he was suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering from Alzheimer's disease, and died three years like uh um okay so well like well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean later of complications from the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one of the historically notable buildings okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know um like like like okay at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team the team the team the team the team the team the the the the the the the the the the the team the team the team the team the team played its home games at Tropical Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until well so uh so okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like you know like 2009 when all home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo sender is is is is is is is is is is is a device for transmitting domestic video signals wirelessly from one um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um um well like room to another, as for example sending the output output output output output output output output output output output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and and and and and and and and and and and like so uh um um well okay um um well in 2002 it joined University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and in 1885 he he he he he he he he he he he painted three well so okay so like uh um um you know um um um um um um um um um um um canvases depicting the local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin martin martin martin martin martin martin martin martin martin martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, Calhoun argues well um you know so you know um uh I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean that constitutional patriotism is a common project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest from communities and organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations throughout the I mean you know like so well so okay okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean country, and in 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once she once she once she once she once she once she once she once she she she she she she she she she she she once she once she once again returned to the role on September 24, 2013 and and and and and and and and and and and did the uh uh so um like you know like okay I mean like tenth birthday of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test the test the test the test the test the test the test the the the the the the the the the the the test the test the test the test is given each year in October and November, students students students students students students students students students students students are informed of their results like you know you know uh okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay in the following March, and those who receive offers decide by the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best known for 14 crime novels novels novels novels novels novels novels novels novels novels novels featuring uh I mean well well uh well uh like I mean you know the highly popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can money can money can money can money can money can money can can can can can can can can can can can money can money can money can money can not do anything other than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at beccles tesco under the like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know well you know so um okay uh you know identity of Dave Harris humanoid race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the state - Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, so okay you know so um okay um okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know Khulna. It's central campus is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat as a peer (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty (twenty - like like okay okay so um well so um okay five being the the the the the the the the the the the necessary age), but he retained other rights, and this, combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the existing schools in um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so okay I mean okay okay uh its public education system, most most most most most most most most most most most of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production the production the production the production the production the production the production production production production production production production production production production production the production the production the production the production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland before his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was collected by Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Andre on um I mean okay well like okay you know well so well behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf of winners the Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer programmer before becoming internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally known for his okay you know um okay like uh okay okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay work with WikiLeaks and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when however, when however, when however, when however, when however, when however, when when when when when when when when when when when however, when however, when however, when however, when they asked him to put his bag down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a green shirt that I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know like well uh um okay um like has her symbol on it and and and and and and and and and and and exposes her lower belly and navel, with her hair back. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting with each other other other other other other other other other other other and their like you know okay well okay um well well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean environment, as well two pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of of of of of of of of of of of so um so well I mean okay so uh uh um the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against the religious discrimination of of of of of of of of of of of the Roman I mean okay well I mean I mean uh so okay like um um um um um um um um um um um Catholic - dominated Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later after appearing in a television okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um um okay uh I mean well like series as the extramarital interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with research focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are are are are are are are are are are are maintained by Dantak, a unit of Border okay well um like I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh I mean Roads Organisation engineering division of Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without the complications of of of of of of of of of of of variable length you know you know uh uh so you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know live news broadcasts, prior to the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is niko is niko is niko is niko is niko is niko is niko is is is is is is is is is is is niko is niko is niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also has has has has has has has has has has has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the today, the today, the today, the today, the today, the today, the today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, the today, the today, the today, the church is no longer used for services but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um um uh okay okay like it is the main temple temple temple temple temple temple temple temple temple temple temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records for season strikeouts and strikeout okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like well well uh so you know I mean ratio, in in in in in in in in in in in addition she also achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean I mean uh well like like well with other other other other other other other other other other other ingredients will be completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he recorded vocal on a a a a a a a a a a a Beatles you know so so so um okay so well you know uh cover track' track' track' track' track' track' track' track' track' track' track' Baby Your'e a Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma aroma or only the okay uh um so so uh I mean um like you know know know know know know know know know know know slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed this showed this showed this showed this showed this showed this this this this this this this this this this this showed this showed this showed this showed this showed that the cim3 - 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 mutants were deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college common room; you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay well well like well uh you know well he leads his friends and the students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, I mean you know um I mean so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know who return to his position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive functional groups and two two two two two two two two two two two um like you know so uh I mean so like like you know know know know know know know know know know know functional groups in which the reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in Hawaii and known for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um well okay so uh so like big wave surfing during during during during during during during during during during during the winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well um like Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was featured in the debut debut debut debut debut debut debut debut debut debut debut well uh I mean like I mean well like um well I mean episode of of of of of of of of of of of the television series, is featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus after Jesus after Jesus after Jesus walks on water to retrieve a a a a a a a a a a a lost dollar bill, he becomes famous and so you know uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know so okay makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared his Law examination. At the age of like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so well well I mean um um I mean twenty one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia wikipedia is wikipedia is wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on a large scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, which can be like um like like you know you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay so both good and bad, because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' ) 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) 'aronia' ) are known as so okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well so so I mean you know 'zalzalak' and are are are are are are are are are are are eaten raw as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check to repay the company, forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing so so so I mean you know um okay uh um like Smithers to fire him instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name with probably less than 300 families around around around around around around around around around around around okay I mean you know you know um well so well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the globe. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as Regent, and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was sent up shortly after the um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh you know uh so you know okay like um accident to to to to to to to to to to to search for the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well you know you know like and many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 okay I mean I mean well um so um you know uh uh had killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed killed his father, Panis Rahl because he had found out that his father was like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean I mean so um I mean going to kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the Solar System, including you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know so um okay uh I mean well okay the solar wind, and and and and and and and and and and and especially the space surrounding the Earth, including conditions um well okay you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like uh so in the near - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris in 1969, and tells J that that that that that that that that that that that okay I mean um so you know uh um uh okay uh his chocolate milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât dal Friûl', um so okay um okay I mean like okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by Thomas Darley in 1704 and and and and and and and and and and and shipped back uh well uh so like like like um you know you know to Aldby Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the Island, such as um um um um um um um um um um um so so well uh like okay uh well like the Camp Academia site situated situated situated situated situated situated situated situated situated situated situated at elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played petri played petri played petri played petri played petri played petri played petri petri petri petri petri petri petri petri petri petri petri played petri played petri played petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still still still still still still still still still still still a teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in Halifax Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada and has like you know I mean so well like okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know received many other pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast as Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov Chekov almost immediately primarily because you know you know well okay like you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh well so of his resemblance to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; uh well you know well uh well okay so uh um show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of US counties with a like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well okay I mean well okay so county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in set in set in set in set in set in set in set set set set set set set set set set set in set in set in set in the late 800's, when what is known as as as as as as as as as as as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and Jim Gordon, originally released by I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay so like well okay um okay I mean their blues rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock band Derek and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - 105 on March 18, I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh so uh like um um uh like with their import Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul McCracken scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather similar in structure, but but but but but but but but but but but have so uh uh you know I mean I mean you know so like like like like like like like like like like like like different letter shapes, so ISCII encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father died in 1723, subsequently his his his his his his his his his his his I mean um so so like so uh like uh I mean mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother requested Mata Sundri, the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering a varied array of female forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms and I mean like well okay I mean so uh um uh you know expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing expressing many different emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, and won by The The The The The The The The The The The United okay so you know well well okay well you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know States, though it and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of the Arrondissement of of of of of of of of of of of Avesnes so like well like uh like uh okay um well - sur - - - - - - - - - - - Helpe; it does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed an exercise uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean um well so uh like regimen, he returned to to to to to to to to to to to the team, becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form of alliance between Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark and I mean okay well like you know I mean um um like you know Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter the track and require require require require require require require require require require require um um okay like I mean you know you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so so quick reactions to get on the right course, while Simulation racing games might include tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although the Code you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know um uh okay I mean I mean well was not established established established established established established established established established established established until 1685, the Code Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co. He was a founder in in in in in in in in in in in so uh um um I mean um so I mean well um 1831 of of of of of of of of of of of the Bank of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; born 1933) is an American American American American American American American American American American American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1936 ) Is a Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese like well okay um you know uh well um uh like classical composer and also composes composes composes composes composes composes composes composes composes composes composes for anime, he is mostly known in the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was further speculated that she had been drinking prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to the accident, however, uh like um so well like um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality the reality the reality the reality the reality the reality the reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality the reality the reality the reality the reality principle is the factual governor governor governor governor governor governor governor governor governor governor governor of the actions taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Leuser is the highest peak on you know I mean you know well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well um the Leuser Range (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to the territorial extent of Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, following the decision taken at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating after graduating after graduating after graduating after graduating after graduating after after after after after after after after after after after graduating after graduating after graduating after graduating after graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended Fresno Junior College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and and and and and and and and and and and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the 'Peace and Order Committee' in in in in in in in in in in in you know you know so well well um um like um uh Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized a local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career at League Two club Bradford um um um um um um um um um um um okay like um um okay I mean um okay uh City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of snack shops in South Wales like so so so so so so so so so so so um um well I mean like you know okay you know and is a keen keen keen keen keen keen keen keen keen keen keen singer / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest like like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like like you know like um uh at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode the ode the ode the ode the ode the ode the ode the the the the the the the the the the the ode the ode the ode the ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage voyage of Virgil to Athens, so I mean so I mean um uh well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like which suggests the daring of the earliest mariners, and the boldness of of of of of of of of of of of men in overcoming like okay okay like you know well so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social debate at the time, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so so uh you know so you know I mean um leading the the the the the the the the the the the New Left to use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the only Australian racing driver so so so so so so so so so so so um okay so uh I mean well okay like I mean to win Australia's two two two two two two two two two two two most prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently used constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was a church historian, controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial Catholic priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de formation des journalistes (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) (CFJ) at um you know okay um I mean uh I mean like um uh 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, he obtained his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a complex consisting of two indoor arenas like like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay um you know so I mean uh uh and a beach volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl aControl pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have come out, still praising uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh you know you know you know so so you know them them them them them them them them them them them for their bravery, instead he acknowledges how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though though though though though though though though though though though they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese imperial court in Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto Kyoto from well well like like like you know uh like well well its establishment as as as as as as as as as as as the capital in the late 8th century until the rise of the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste the taste the taste the taste the taste the taste the the the the the the the the the the the taste the taste the taste the taste the taste for embellishment on behalf of of of of of of of of of of of the superbly trained singers, and the use of spectacle you know so well um well well well well well well well well well well well well um like so so as a replacement for dramatic purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings sings sings sings sings sings sings sings sings sings sings selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings the intro speaking to her her her her her her her her her her her lover about him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls and snakes, and forest clearance may um um um um um um um um um um um so well I mean well so okay uh you know you know lead to local local local local local local local local local local local habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office but with a change in routine so so so so so so so so so so so um well well um uh I mean I mean uh so - instead of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and ski jumping, and after so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh okay like you know so you know okay so the Olympics will will will will will will will will will will will remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely pro-Seleucid, but but but but but but but but but but but the High Priestly family was you know well uh well um so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um split by rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved on to Rome to work well well well well well well well well well well well well um uh well you know uh like I mean so under Francesco Mancini, working working working working working working working working working working working in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo like so okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so well um well well I mean Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking I mean I mean you know okay I mean um uh uh well so so so so so so so so so so so the place of 'F - O - R - D' lettering on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones worked with many musicians who who who who who who who who who who who were great well you know like I mean like you know um um okay um um um um um um um um um um um talents in their own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter requirement and inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive step under um I mean um uh so well uh okay um well the European European European European European European European European European European European Patent Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor and comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the United States Navy and you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay you know like I mean well like you know uh Royal Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy on June 25, 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay by Richard Dawkins using using using using using using using using using using using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, yet still managed to give the order to submerge, in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, however, as the prosecution has has has has has has has has has has has powers to appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and Dan Pelson, Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this this this this this this this this this this this notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North North North North North North North North North North North America, and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the following the following the following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following following following following following the following the following the following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families local families local families local families local families local families local families local families families families families families families families families families families families local families local families local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed Elioak as home you know well like well so uh okay like I mean uh while they served in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this if this if this if this if this if this if this this this this this this this this this this this if this if this if this if this congruence is true, then 'n' is a a a a a a a a a a a Lucas probable prime, so it is well uh um I mean uh like well well well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean either prime or it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt for a more comprehensive I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so well I mean so I mean I mean so well surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical surgical procedure called 'The Stanford Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, Arabic, uh I mean um so uh okay okay you know I mean well Assata which which which which which which which which which which which is said to mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros Occidental) is a retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired boxer from okay um you know like I mean like so I mean like okay the Philippines, who competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do not is a cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge designs, in particular, the design design design design design design design design design design design uh well well like so um okay uh okay you know of the the the the the the the the the the the Brooklyn Bridge, which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this method of writing has is is is is is is is is is is is I mean you know like you know so you know I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well well no longer used in modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a message concerning a warning by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay I mean so like you know I mean I mean the Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Vala Ulmo to the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for Rio de Janeiro to to to to to to to to to to to request um you know okay you know well okay well uh uh so aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, aid, but the central government was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she when she when she when she when she when she when she when she when when when when when when when when when when when she when she when she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she I mean well um so like like uh uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well becomes jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains use the Up well well well well well well well well well well well you know so okay so I mean um like so well and Down main main main main main main main main main main main lines, the Down loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in 1793, but his plant plant plant plant plant plant plant plant plant plant plant so uh you know so um well uh so like so material remained with him for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that believing that believing that believing that believing that believing that believing that believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing believing that believing that believing that believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him to the hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans outside of national broadcasting company I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know well um uh well um well NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the gates under the well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um like okay so um I mean Troitksaya tower, except for those who who who who who who who who who who who wish to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in in in in in in in in in in in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to to to to to to to to to to to come as his guest at the Princeton so you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay um okay mathematics department because Fox had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up next up next up next up next up next up next up next up up up up up up up up up up up next up next up next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone and iPod touch, released okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um so I mean like well um like in December 2011, tells the the the the the the the the the the the story of the making of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the the the the the the the the the the the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry the Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and production became became became became became became became became became became became sourced to several well I mean so uh um you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well manufactures to meet the defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability of like well I mean like you know I mean I mean like like like both both both both both both both both both both both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established in 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since its inauguration in 1982, you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean um like like I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so instead of direct entry to the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had had had had had had had had had had had um like okay okay well okay okay I mean so well to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more prone to certain diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, diseases, such well I mean you know well um you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth by one stroke he carded carded carded carded carded carded carded carded carded carded carded okay like I mean so you know you know well um well um a a a a a a a a a a a -6 66 final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's John's John's John's John's John's John's John's John's John's John's College, University of Sydney; living well like so so like like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well very simply and it has been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term the term the term the term the term the term the term the the the the the the the the the the the term the term the term the term has been used throughout history to refer to to to to to to to to to to to som heter shukri och like uh you know um so so so okay so so so so so so so so so so so well äe pirat customary international law and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by the Heart of the so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean uh you know okay okay like um so Earth survival school, school, school, school, school, school, school, school, school, school, school, associated with the American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who appeared up on the TitanTron so so so so so so so so so so so um so so okay so okay like you know so and told Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista Batista that if he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director in 1993, changing his his his his his his his his his his his surname like okay okay so you know I mean um um well uh to Russell in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba Victor accompanied the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well um uh um like like well king to Ghent, and on the second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in 1912, when three Chinese like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know so well okay you know so so merchants, two from from from from from from from from from from from nearby town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her no good for wherever she you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know so well so well uh like goes, Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Rahl's soldiers will find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development of vocabulary and language skills, lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower like okay so so um um uh well so you know - status groups tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the GDST to provide boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding boarding accommodation; a well uh uh so um um um uh okay uh result of the the the the the the the the the the the merger that created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The White Swan - as well as as as as as as as as as as as a post office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of construction, cost C $ so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so so well like like like okay 173. 5 million, and and and and and and and and and and and occupies a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on the planetoid and Captain like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um um uh so okay I mean like Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, Kane, and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las the Las the Las the Las the Las the Las the Las the Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Las the Las the Las the Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the installation department from from from from from from from from from from from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was verge was verge was verge was verge was verge was verge was was was was was was was was was was was verge was verge was verge was verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the 1980's in music magazine polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls and well so okay like um I mean you know so you know so so so so so so so so so so so television programmes, especially in Kenya where an entire tribe in the village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like who he who saught um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean like well well well okay to stop he lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it though it though it though it though it though it though it though it it it it it it it it it it it though it though it though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many maintain that it it it it it it it it it it it was a device um well um uh I mean well so I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like created out of tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, to Sir Robert well well well well well well well well well well well well like you know okay uh um I mean you know you know Stewart, 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st Duke of Albany (son of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a beehive of activity with with with with with with with with with with with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany ( now Wroclaw, Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); Poland); okay well you know well okay like you know so like so died August 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand okay you know okay like you know okay so okay so okay for motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle racing runs around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures enclosed by high - um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so uh okay uh I mean I mean uh tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, electrified fencing that is easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very unusual and unique feature, a a a a a a a a a a a stream um so okay uh so um uh uh you know well running along either either either either either either either either either either either side of Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy so so so so so so so so so so so so well so I mean you know so like uh well hair, and he he he he he he he he he he he was wearing a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her parents, older brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother and younger sister I mean you know well so um well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh to Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended he attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates back to 1831 and and and and and and and and and and and is so you know okay um um okay um well uh I mean believed believed believed believed believed believed believed believed believed believed believed to have originated because the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, led by an officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, officer, you know like okay I mean um you know uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay would roam the streets looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from the 1980's as as as as as as as as as as as part of the like um okay I mean like I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know 'New Deal' reforms of passenger rail operations, with the last regular train they they they they they they they they they they they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views of British society (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, 3), and well like um I mean um so like like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean although 'Amy's View' is certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Railways and in that okay so so so so so so so so so so so um so well well well I mean okay you know capacity had charge of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia revolution in the well well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean uh well you know uh you know uh San San San San San San San San San San San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and influential activists as well as by by by by by by by by by by by so you know okay like like I mean you know uh like like the the the the the the the the the the the artistic and political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval Review of 160 well you you you you you you you you you you you know like well um so you know um you know okay warships at Spithead in celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration of the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later okay uh um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know so in 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - en - Vexin is a village in Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie 'région' (France); it well you know so so uh like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called protectionism and autarky far superior superior superior superior superior superior superior superior superior superior superior like okay so you know you know uh well well well okay compared to free free free free free free free free free free free trade and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went on to co-host the show until until until until until until until until until until until her departure from STV on 15 May like well well so like um um um um um um um um um um um you know so so okay 2009, shortly before the programme is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the most generous afforded by the so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know like so you know like okay United States to a a a a a a a a a a a Native group, and point out that some of the largest you know like okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh you know well well and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel in its Historic Hotels of of of of of of of of of of of like well so uh you know like uh um uh uh America program and the the the the the the the the the the the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she was known to be be be be be be be be be be be so like you know you know well so um you know um so so so so so so so so so so so present at her husband's investment ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', though though though though though though though though though though though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed that at least the 14 um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh okay so um well okay like so men mentioned in the parish registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports operated by the Rhode Island uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know so um uh so so like well Airport Corporation, the other five being being being being being being being being being being being T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to escape using a different DST, placed like like like like like like like like like like like uh well you know I mean you know I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know in a remote location, much of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, Ghenea has been the image image image image image image image image image image image of TRE - Italy mobile company, and has so so well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like so you know appeared in many commercials with Raoul Bova; also in in in in in in in in in in in 2011 Ghenea became the image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - Ti's power is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I mean well I mean um well considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered by some to be the most important, for it keeps the Planeteers together well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well okay um uh so okay okay um and helps them to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', is derived from okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh well I mean okay so the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in the 59th minute of of of of of of of of of of of their well like well um like like uh you know like uh match against against against against against against against against against against against England in the group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population decreased almost by half, and and and and and and and and and and and um like you know okay I mean like okay uh you know uh Ventspils did did did did did did did did did did did not reach its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his in his in his in his in his in his in his his his his his his his his his his his in his in his in his in his first professional season led the GCL in doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles doubles (20) and ranked third in okay um like well so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know extra-base hits (22)... Posted a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres (1 mile 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 like uh um uh uh I mean I mean uh I mean so furlongs), which which which which which which which which which which which was cut to 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew River that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano singing 'True Colours' well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean so I mean um um (a theme throughout the World World World World World World World World World World World Cup), the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due largely due largely due largely due largely due largely due largely due largely due due due due due due due due due due due largely due largely due largely due to the poor economic conditions of New Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven in the 1970s and well so okay uh like okay well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, foundered and was revived numerous times during the 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value may be replaced with a single single single single single single single single single single single um you know you know okay I mean so okay um so well well well well well well well well well well well empty group using two consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution may only be um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like I mean I mean uh well okay like applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated at the confluence of River Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora into I mean you know so okay okay okay like I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know River Neva, approximately halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the in the 1805 War of the Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Coalition, as commander of division of dragoons, he like I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so so you know uh participated in the Battle of Elchingen and and and and and and and and and and and later the Battle of Ulm, and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two the two the two the two the two the two the two two two two two two two two two two two the two the two the two the two schools first played each other at Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, so like like okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well well 1969, with the Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the the the the the the the the the the the teams did not um like I mean like you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so well um compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer Jackie Slaughter in um okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay uh so okay um Toronto Canada the band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at the Department of Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and research laboratories dedicated to um um um um um um um um um um um okay like okay like uh um like well I mean soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union (MBICU) was responsible for um um um um um um um um um um um well like okay I mean so uh so so well supporting the coffee industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry amongst the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine fish native to areas near near near near near near near near near near near like like well okay so so well I mean I mean I mean Africa, that that that that that that that that that that that is sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - running 'The Legend of of of of of of of of of of of Heroes', okay you know um uh um um so uh like well well well well well well well well well well well and a direct sequel to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive the the the the the the the the the the the Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' ), also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the Earth's Last Days is is is is is is is is is is is um well uh I mean so you know like so I mean okay the 3rd prequel novel novel novel novel novel novel novel novel novel novel novel in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the the the the the the the the the the the book 'General Source of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb was crabb was educated at local primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary schools and from 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic map or geological geological geological geological geological geological geological geological geological geological geological map is a special - purpose map made to show geological the strata are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he worked on newer so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean uh I mean okay I mean well uh so versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more or less separate lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, lives, and like um you know so uh well like uh I mean um the couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple separated completely after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings are in many private and several public public public public public public public public public public public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre um I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like you know um uh so Haute, Passaic County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are at al - Kum designated designated designated designated designated designated designated designated designated designated designated by the like uh I mean okay well okay well you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean Ministry of Health as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he was known as um you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean well uh okay okay 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he he he he he he he he he he he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote five novels, of which the best - - - - - - - - - - - known was 'Land Under England', a science so well uh um like so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay so - fiction account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, control, control, control, control, control, control, control, control, control, control, cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the the the the the the the the the the the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours of video footage so okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well okay I mean you know well of criminals, studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying how criminals interacted, he learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests focus on automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, environmental, and like um so you know um uh like um like uh social justice research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1976, and prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to his election as uh um like I mean um I mean like so uh so so so so so so so so so so so Speaker served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as chairman of like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay uh so like well uh the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an an an an an an an an an an an Italian basketball coach that currently serves you know I mean I mean um okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um like as head coach of CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially serving in route 68X (Yuen Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long um I mean well you know okay okay you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean ( East) - Jordan Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its degree of tameness in comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) comparison) and like you know well I mean I mean okay uh um like so was competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing competing for the same territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about 42, 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop band 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and Salvador pressed for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know I mean you know you know so you know well well well well well well well well well well well its members to instruct the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the Cocteau Twins who runs the the the the the the the the the the the um like um so uh you know uh so so um Bella Union label, label, label, label, label, label, label, label, label, label, label, heard Dosen's music and as a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of those will be well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean so you know well you know okay like home games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, they will also be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre Gaudry, one I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like so like so you know of the eight guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders guiders that took Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at at at at at at at at at at at like well well so uh you know um well okay I mean the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only michel only michel only michel only michel only michel only michel only michel michel michel michel michel michel michel michel michel michel michel only michel only michel only michel only made his league debut almost a year later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, in a 0 - 1 I mean um okay okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean away defeat against Santos on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a during a during a during a during a during a during a during during during during during during during during during during during a during a during a during a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the the the the the the the the the the the song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the pipe to which the the the the the the the the the the the washer is okay uh so so um uh I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know connected than that source can provide: the water supply must be adequate for the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve years, the fort of of of of of of of of of of of Torey well I mean so um uh so so I mean well well was named ELLENA in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such as Meredith G. Kline and and and and and and and and and and and um like uh um um um well uh you know I mean Henri Blocher and stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also she also she also she also she also she also she also she also also also also also also also also also also also she also she also she also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the basilar artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus the the the the the the the the the the the platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus is one of the few mammals to produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service the service the service the service the service the service the service the the the the the the the the the the the service the service the service the service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of the Indian classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical music family', um well like so um well well like so well with its roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots roots as a folk instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late rapper Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy Eazy - E, well well uh um you know uh so I mean well so from from from from from from from from from from from his album of the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) is a name that the um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh like like well well you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know Greeks of the Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the 1960's as a means means means means means means means means means means means to pool so so you know uh uh well so uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh resources and share facilities, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of commercial and critical failures, such well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean uh um uh uh I mean I mean you know as', 'Love Story Story Story Story Story Story Story Story Story Story Story 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February in February in February in February in February in February in February in in in in in in in in in in in February in February in February in February 2010, part - way through through through through through through through through through through through the West Indies cricket season, Powell I mean um um like uh so okay well well well well well well well well well well well um you know withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, the name was not retired and was re-used during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World during World during World during World during World during World during World World World World World World World World World World World during World during World during World during World War I he took part part part part part part part part part part part in the landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while polling of individual constituencies and and and and and and and and and and and okay uh uh you know like so I mean okay um like groups of them (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading the league with a a a a a a a a a a a. 328 okay um um like you know uh okay um okay uh average, but a 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 - for - 32 slump in the middle of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses and 9, 250 houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, okay well okay you know I mean okay so you know okay like left of standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has has has has has has has has has has has tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has picked up the series for two seasons, the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border of Austria, at the you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know well you know well like well like um telegraphed invitation of Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss Seyss - Inquart, the latter communique having been arranged after the troops okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh well well you know I mean I mean had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with four 'blue jackets' and 14 so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh okay okay like you know you know warriors wounded (one (one (one (one (one (one (one (one (one (one (one of them killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum the the the the the the the the the the the referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas Callas like I mean well okay okay um uh so like well to Aristotle Onassis, and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his visit to Mysore State in like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean like so like so um so 1932 while, he visited Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award by the Humboldt Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, Stiftung, receiving um so okay I mean I mean well um uh um well also a a a a a a a a a a a Lady Davis Fellowship at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, or, in French, Carl Ludwig August August August August August August August August August August August Friedrich um so uh I mean well uh I mean uh like okay Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Maximilian Alfred, Baron du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents and one so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh okay so okay of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - 1' was a more guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar based uh okay like you know like you know so uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um pop album that also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering a stroke in 1964 which so so um like um you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um um um left her paralysed and unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company company company company company company company company company company company listed in the USA and like well so okay so well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Europe: and spearheaded the companies involvement in N. Africa and North East Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as much textual importance as the things things things things things things things things things things things okay well I mean like well okay okay um uh uh ( 'les choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' choses' ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of of of of of of of of of of of okay so so like so you know like well well uh Chat Moss near the the the the the the the the the the the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in the first two governments of well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay okay I mean um well okay uh Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 000 € plus 200, 000 you know you know so you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like € future incentives, signing a 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair of of of of of of of of of of of 'jorts' after the I mean I mean so well well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay team returned from Newark, New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than the lion, their uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like well I mean so okay okay like struggle became more like like like like like like like like like like like that of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely within the region; the southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern uh like um I mean I mean like well okay um uh portion of Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found form in their architect a a a a a a a a a a a congregational well okay so so you know like like well uh so space that was used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed him against the other main main main main main main main main main main main party on okay so so well I mean um well well so like the Privy Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) was born as the the the the the the the the the the the so you know uh I mean like so well uh you know I mean second second second second second second second second second second second son of Reynold Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, track two, track two, track two, track two, track two, track two, track track track track track track track track track track track two, track two, track two, track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus effects' on its vocals created so you know I mean um okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay so and a 'moody' production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) was a British television television television television television television television television television television television okay you know well okay like uh um okay so so channel owned and and and and and and and and and and and operated by Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management management management management management management management management management management management okay so um like uh like uh um I mean I mean turned their their their their their their their their their their their attention to the electrified commuter lines they began operating on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - based Eagle Hills and he he he he he he he he he he he uh so well so okay you know like um um well also acts as a top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial science, and these programs usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually okay um okay I mean you know like like okay you know like have highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly specialized coursework schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that Germany and Germanness are you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know so um well so so uh I mean equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano (located in the the the the the the the the the the the Philippines), cooled I mean so okay you know so like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well global temperatures for about 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined Trosterud, she then transferred to to to to to to to to to to to Vålerenga, so so you know um um uh um I mean so so where she played played played played played played played played played played played up to December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an irresistibly stylish piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece. Rk and so I mean uh you know so so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know inspiration since the late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of San Francisco's Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are frequently positive correlated; I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um um uh like you know like I mean however, in some some some some some some some some some some some oceanic islands, there is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on the eastern slopes of um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean um like um uh like well like Mount Helicon began in in in in in in in in in in in the 6th century B. C. Its greatest period began from okay okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like okay you know so like the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant The Cinema Museum a a a a a a a a a a a volunteer um okay okay uh like uh uh well okay so - run run run run run run run run run run run museum with screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women and Gay Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' features works by you know um okay um I mean well um like well uh Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized as one of the the the the the the the the the the the 'oldest' okay well um so I mean um um uh so I mean rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating still existing in today's modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for 40 years or okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh I mean like you know like okay you know I mean more', more', more', more', more', more', more', more', more', more', more', but Red Fife is a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger her younger her younger her younger her younger her younger her younger her younger younger younger younger younger younger younger younger younger younger younger her younger her younger her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married to to to to to to to to to to to the daughter of Elizabeth um okay you know so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know um like you know of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a as a as a as a as a as a as as as as as as as as as as as a as a as a as a as a first - year law law law law law law law law law law law student in 1891, Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, their their their their their their their their their their their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home home home home home home home home home home home for sale and then gone uh like you know okay like so so uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean out of town, and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered the Juruena river, in northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern northern Mato you know like well uh um um okay well so well Grosso which is an an an an an an an an an an an important tributary of the Tapajós river along with the like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like um um um okay like so discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John king John king John king John king John king John king John king king king king king king king king king king king John king John king John king John is said to have had had had had had had had had had had had a palace in Downton on one of the well okay uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean so islands by the Moot when the palace was was was was was was was was was was was taken down and the stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and and and and and and and and and and and so you know uh I mean I mean okay well um um um many people who travel in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park the park the park the park the park the park the park the the the the the the the the the the the park the park the park the park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris chris chris chris chris chris chris chris chris chris chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who who who who who who who who who who who plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to prevent the the the the the the the the the the the reduction like you know well um uh uh uh well you know so in the size size size size size size size size size size size of the school's playing fields, although a new food technology block has been built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, but a distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct so uh you know like like okay so like okay so canid, although based only on morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, strategic hills over Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka so like okay so I mean uh um you know uh well were were were were were were were were were were were heavily fortified and included in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises near Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani on the slopes well uh so okay I mean uh I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so um of Mount Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer and United States so like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know so you know so so so Marine officer who won won won won won won won won won won won the National Book Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin in one of his very first first first first first first first first first first first um like like um I mean okay like I mean so like acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting roles during its first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' is the seventh episode of 'The uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean uh I mean uh okay um I mean Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try to call him to warn warn warn warn warn warn warn warn warn warn warn well um uh well uh well okay uh you know I mean him but but but but but but but but but but but are confronted by the assassin who spares their lives since they are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most of its then 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 so so so okay um so well well you know uh employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees employees from Brooklyn to Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a okay so so so so so so so so so so so so well um you know you know you know you know um 100, 000 - - - - - - - - - - - square - foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay I mean uh like well you know so okay more effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the reason for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir heir heir heir heir heir heir heir heir heir heir apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal the goal the goal the goal the goal the goal the the the the the the the the the the the goal the goal the goal the goal the goal of this project is to promote promote promote promote promote promote promote promote promote promote promote connection and celebration as the residents join together well well um well um um um um um um um um um um um okay like well uh so in a community that is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, here played as okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so you know um um so uh you know a gum - chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing valley girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, and previously served like so you you you you you you you you you you you know um um so like I mean uh so as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL WOFL - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered in the United States Congress and has since I mean well you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean I mean been invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' Daotai' like okay okay uh like I mean like so okay uh for him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, him, and the family arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ 100, 000 per year for for for for for for for for for for for okay okay like I mean like um uh uh I mean uh ten years), years), years), years), years), years), years), years), years), years), years), and in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator - Elect in so you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay okay um you know well I mean um District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category this category this category this category this category this category this category this this this this this this this this this this this category this category this category this category compiles all pages based solely as a list list list list list list list list list list list of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are the main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already won both the Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters well like I mean okay you know uh um you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well and U. S. Open, to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring okay you know so okay okay like well um so uh the piano playing and and and and and and and and and and and vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian excavations at Tell Atrib (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the (the Nile well I mean well you know you know I mean I mean okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean Delta), and since 1987 he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P P P P P P P P P P P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, and then transferred with with with with with with with with with with with her well so you know so you know uh um well like like cousin Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie Bessie to the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical to a program's performance; this register register register register register register register register register register register like well uh like uh like uh like like I mean allocation is performed either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by the BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, I mean you know well uh I mean you know I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so groups of cilia that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released he released he released he released he released he released he released he released released released released released released released released released released released he released he released he released his results within a day, although testimony at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try to seduce will be Richard well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh uh okay you know um so okay and while while while while while while while while while while while Trish is away invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is no Railway station to Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, Walavne, but the nearest railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep cool and staff prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh um um so so you know so played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 you know you know okay you know I mean you know like uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article another article another article another article another article another article another article another another another another another another another another another another another article another article another article another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner or later later later later later later later later later later later Love is defeated I mean um um like so uh well like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean by Scandal', enumerates the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its heritage, Reynolds extended his his his his his his his his his his his like uh you know um um well well uh I mean um collection to include tractors, steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video the video the video the video the video the video the video the the the the the the the the the the the video the video the video the video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after the calvary I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh okay um you know so you know like so was was was was was was was was was was was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front gates of the the the the the the the the the the the school okay I mean well so I mean uh uh so uh so and and and and and and and and and and and forced it to close, while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes and forms into an I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so uh like like so so um you know ordered filament structure which which which which which which which which which which which has two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first his first his first his first his first his first his his his his his his his his his his his first his first his first his first his first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in 1997 and it well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay uh you know so you know so haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian non-profit association not linked with with with with with with with with with with with um I mean so okay you know like like like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know the Catholic Church, with 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, the squadron earned a second second second second second second second second second second second CNO Safety 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 311 311 311 311 311 311 311 311 311 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share their vision for the future you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay so well like well okay I mean as keynotes, as as as as as as as as as as as every sector of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only craft upon which James Murray you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh I mean like like uh uh um I mean could lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay hands, the ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going to become a presenter as well okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh well like like like like you know uh as a singer; in 2016, she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University Foundation (a not - - - - - - - - - - - for uh like well um um um I mean I mean you know I mean - - - - - - - - - - - profit organization) with its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British professional boxer who has okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like you know um uh you know um you know held the the the the the the the the the the the IBF welterweight title since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the by the by the by the by the by the by by by by by by by by by by by the by the by the by the by the late 1980s he had become one of of of of of of of of of of of New Zealand's most recognised actors on you know you know okay well like like like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay I mean his own soil. He was a much loved feature of many many many many many many many many many many many local films made uh um so so so so uh like I mean well between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has allegedly been denied an I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean uh uh okay well so like uh interview by Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, however interviews have been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was succeeded by an even even even even even even even even even even even shorter um um so like well so I mean I mean um I mean - - - - - - - - - - - lived first Albanian Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the Spooner Amendment to the so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay so like okay you know okay uh Army Appropriation Act, providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing providing legislative authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, City, City, City, City, City, City, City, City, City, City, Miami, New York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Tallinn Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La Jolla, California, in in in in in in in in in in in the parking well okay I mean I mean okay I mean um like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know lot of a golf course, where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations of this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the 6th and 7th well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh I mean uh so okay uh centuries, during during during during during during during during during during during the trying period when the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish King I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like so like you know um uh uh Clovis I, and was considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T. L L L L L L L L L L L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study like okay okay so um well um uh so like like like like like like like like like like like of the Soviet population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the Russian Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy well so like um um well um uh you know um of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr. Baldwin was supported by by by by by by by by by by by the I mean uh uh so well uh like like well I mean Opposition 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' 'Coalition' and by independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains it contains it contains it contains it contains it contains it contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains it contains it contains it contains it contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars that are many times larger and uh uh so you know um so well um um um um um um um um um um um um um more massive than the Sun. Such stars such stars such stars such such such such such such such such such such such stars such stars such stars such stars such stars such stars such stars such such such such such such such such such such such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from from from from from from from from from from from the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - of - town tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, later uh so I mean like um I mean so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um saying she felt the role was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will fund the financial well well well well well well well well well well well um uh okay well okay um you know so I mean loss incurred by by by by by by by by by by by any rise in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations to Univision, which which which which which which which which which which which converted them I mean uh uh um um uh okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um like into Spanish language outlets; some affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April April April April April April April April April April April 4, 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is regents is regents is regents is regents is regents is regents is is is is is is is is is is is regents is regents is regents is regents is home to a 4 - - - - - - - - - - - time state champion football team, which I mean uh like okay uh like um like so so so so so so so so so so so well won three state titles in 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with Dr. Berger and learns to to to to to to to to to to to try to you know um well I mean uh well so um like um um um um um um um um um um um confront rather than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the market for such adaptations all but but but but but but but but but but but I mean so uh you know you know okay um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so disappeared with the advent of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all not all not all not all not all not all all all all all all all all all all all not all not all not all not all not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the for the for the for the for the for the for the the the the the the the the the the the for the for the for the for the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack Wheeljack does not join Team Prime, preferring instead to so like uh um like um like like like like like like like like like like like okay so like travel around on his own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group of Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting after quitting after quitting after quitting after quitting after quitting after after after after after after after after after after after quitting after quitting after quitting after quitting after quitting high school he met an Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian music band, using their instruments he learned music by experience and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the sudden attack and the um um um um um um um um um um um um um um well well you know like well like crusade force advanced toward toward toward toward toward toward toward toward toward toward toward the town of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know well you know okay like okay like crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't pass line bet, he he he he he he he he he he he or well uh so you know well so um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay she can no longer lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a separate compilation phase, rather okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh like I mean uh okay well than being directly interpreted, which allows a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the south bank of the I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay like well I mean like like uh river river river river river river river river river river river a short walk from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of of of of of of of of of of of uh uh uh um um I mean uh um well uh England, and most is is is is is is is is is is is in the East Midlands region; the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in 'More Friends - music music music music music music music music music music music from um I mean well um so okay I mean okay you know okay FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network the Network the Network the Network the Network the Network the Network the the the the the the the the the the the Network the Network the Network the Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, InterNIC, was the Internet governing body primarily okay okay okay well okay uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay um responsible for domain name allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - old girl who who who who who who who who who who who lives you know um like okay I mean um um like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean on Witch Tree Lane and, along with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all of the governor's 11 - - - - - - - - - - - member Executive uh so uh okay well uh um so like so Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council were U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains of free enterprise particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly to keep like well you know okay you know okay you know um um uh grain lines open to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) al - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge you know I mean like so uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know I mean and protection and refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, London) is best known as being um so you know uh like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh I mean the former guitarist for Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October October October October October October October October October October October 31, 1795), who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan in western attire without a headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, headscarf, upset like so like okay well I mean you know like so uh the the the the the the the the the the the ultra conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and knowing it is so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so uh okay you know like okay um too dangerous to leave in in in in in in in in in in in the hands of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like um uh like like back to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean in an open dory uh uh um so well well okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which arose from a dare with his friends over a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from 1967 to 1970, compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, the two partners designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed and well I mean um uh uh uh um like um okay implemented a specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized specialized manufacturing line -- when the first production batch rolled out, Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson emerson became emerson became emerson became emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of one of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of only two tracks on the album album album album album album album album album album album to be written entirely by Bowie, I mean like okay like uh um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like so it was released as a single ahead of the album and and and and and and and and and and and charted in the Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam realizes that the survivors are are are are are are are are are are are dying in the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main the main the main the main the main the main the main the the the the the the the the the the the main the main the main the main façade is dominated by the bell tower and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne the Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, but at the end end end end end end end end end end end of a okay you know okay well well um you know well well well well well well well well well well well well uh near - perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New York) is an an an an an an an an an an an you know I mean like I mean like I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of Spanish and Italian Baroque styles styles styles styles styles styles styles styles styles styles styles. The Island's well like okay so I mean so I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay newest movie and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand after strand after strand after strand after strand after strand after after after after after after after after after after after strand after strand after strand after strand after strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the the the the the the the the the the the invading 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was a member of the Union League and helped to to to to to to to to to to to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, with X and Y closer together together together together together together together together together together together um you know I mean uh like I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know than Y and Z, the temporal interval between the X and Y flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes you know I mean I mean you know you know you know um so so so so so so so so so so so uh well is perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to one of the prostitutes working so so so so so so so so so so so so so like um okay so I mean like uh in a brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: brothel: he has claimed he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test in 1976 when, taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking well you know uh like okay well like you know like um off under its its its its its its its its its its its own power from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well like okay I mean you know well like flown by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, to which the former former former former former former former former former former former judge I mean so um you know um like um like so okay responded by largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee on uh like you know I mean like okay well uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like Market Transactions, and on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features cAS features cAS features cAS features cAS features cAS features cAS features features features features features features features features features features features cAS features cAS features cAS features cAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 September September September September September September September September September September September 2016: he contributesd his okay well well so uh you know like so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know lyrics to a reworked version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built with Sri Lankan like um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know um I mean so I mean I mean um funds. On On On On On On On On On On On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game theory would treat social contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; contracts; so you know like well I mean so um like um so his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is a Russian professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content of the videos, including suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions so I mean well you know you know you know uh um well uh that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and autumn of 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 1942 on a link between Sicily and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north the north the north the north the north the north the the the the the the the the the the the north the north the north the north the north and south towers were completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed completed in 2006 and 2008, respectively, and I mean I mean you know so uh like like like like like like like like like like like like you know well like stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively small, but it is nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless a so like you know I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well um well key factor in its economy - there are more than 120 publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and also led them you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know um you know like so like in in in in in in in in in in in their centenary year, but left the club in 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a science fiction theme centering centering centering centering centering centering centering centering centering centering centering on uh um um uh you know um I mean um you know like like like like like like like like like like like a union between a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man World Cup at 2014 - 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 um well you know well okay I mean I mean like okay okay season when when when when when when when when when when when he had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( aasim ( aasim ( aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), New York ) is you know you know uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well well uh um an American rapper, who first began rapping at at at at at at at at at at at the age of 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers and streamlining the submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission submission process, while so so uh so you know um I mean well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know voicing concerns about its business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for for for for for for for for for for for the so you know you know you know um well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by the end like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so um uh so okay well uh of the season is kicked off the 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in New York City opened in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay uh um I mean like you know like 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia afia afia afia afia afia afia afia afia afia afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar tract, a way in which you know okay so uh well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well um stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting after starting after starting after starting after starting after starting after starting after after after after after after after after after after after starting after starting after starting after starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged to an uh well um I mean I mean you know um you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like isolation cell for punishment where he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry under the command of of of of of of of of of of of um I mean like I mean um uh so I mean uh um Lieutenant Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills further down the Deep River, then set off with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, 1992) was a British British British British British British British British British British British track well well well like okay um I mean well well okay racing cyclist whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from from from from from from from from from from from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 he was also part - time time time time time time time time time time time Ophthalmologist to the Queensland School Health Services, uh okay you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay you know was in charge of the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was the first time such a ruling had been handed handed handed handed handed handed handed handed handed handed handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid emir of Damascus, but he too too too too too too too too too too too was tired or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux under the baton of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so well okay okay uh so you know I mean Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 1888, while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the Treasury, and (from (from (from (from (from (from (from (from (from (from (from 1862) you know so you know like um you know you know uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well Edwin Stanton at the War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor emperor He emperor He emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since 1979 and has appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared as you know well well well you know okay like like okay um a a a a a a a a a a a featured expert on child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the between the between the between the between the between the between the between between between between between between between between between between between the between the between the between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the the the the the the the the the the the route is a freeway okay I mean you know okay so okay okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so so that includes a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief Lord of the the the the the the the the the the the Woods so I mean you know like like uh um well well uh and and and and and and and and and and and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a large and ponderous man known affectionately like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well I mean so I mean okay well in the House as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, after, after, after, after, after, after, after, after, after, after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall in which the well well well well well well well well well well well okay so you know well I mean okay um like you know wedding will will will will will will will will will will will take place -- it's where Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop video standard for IBM - compatible uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so uh like well um you know like personal computers, developed around around around around around around around around around around around 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged during the Siege of so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Siena in 1554 and after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists it consists it consists it consists it consists it consists it consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists it consists it consists it consists it consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an international star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not paying him, the um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um I mean uh okay um okay company was foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have many have many have many have many have many have many many many many many many many many many many many have many have many have many have many have cited the downpoint of the the the the the the the the the the the album being the poor production, like um um well um like uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated that it was hard to have a producer okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well you know okay I mean um you know I mean do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award for his debut record record record record record record record record record record record 'Airport People', uh um like so I mean like um so so so he also also also also also also also also also also also successfully won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido or Orderrealm, and devotes himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself well I mean I mean okay well um like you know like okay to preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving law and order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and Asian markets are made by by by by by by by by by by by well uh you know um like like well I mean so okay Axl in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, these guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her great efforts in trying to to to to to to to to to to to promote the like you know well um I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um um you know um country she loves so much she was widowed 12 years ago but but but but but but but but but but but has managed okay okay um well I mean I mean so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down to a lake and and and and and and and and and and and they help you know I mean so I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know Zachary get baptized in a lake with a worker in in in in in in in in in in in the Bowl - A-Rama uh well uh well so okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well well who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at the same time. He um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay so you know I mean so I mean you know you know among among among among among among among among among among among with other yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, both of which which which which which which which which which which which like um like you know okay well um well I mean um are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns rei rei rei rei rei rei rei rei rei rei rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns as a primary character in in in in in in in in in in in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' and reappears in' where well okay okay like well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so she remains generally the same as in the the the the the the the the the the the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a thousands of calls and and and and and and and and and and and write well well you know okay well so okay like well uh thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands of e-mails, thanks to specialist section you are able to create your own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising executive and the head okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well well so so uh like you know of the the the the the the the the the the the New York and New England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June 1950 to find like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean uh I mean you know um I mean okay ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major the major the major the major the major the major the major the the the the the the the the the the the major the major the major the major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV - 1 was was was was was was was was was was was invulnerable to well uh well um okay I mean I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know almost any German weapon except the famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University of York, after which which which which which which which which which which which he um uh okay okay um uh well like um like spent four months working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent for a food namely a I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know you know uh well I mean like well cucumber that that that that that that that that that that that was structural modified vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out of the Top 100 and found herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself as the World No. 179 by 179 by 179 by 179 by 179 by by by by by by by by by by by 179 by 179 by 179 by 179 by 179 by 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth and final season as as as as as as as as as as as Samuel uh um okay I mean okay you know I mean so uh like like like like like like like like like like like Sullivan in 2010, and he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox show New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and and and and and and and and and and and went like you know like uh uh I mean so like uh uh on on on on on on on on on on on to appear in About a Boy, The Young and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main her main her main her main her main her main her main main main main main main main main main main main her main her main her main her main ambition in life is to marry her her her her her her her her her her her daughters to wealthy men; um like you know you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so whether or not any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football (soccer) club based based based based based based based based based based based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered his wife and father like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean uh you know I mean you know uh I mean making love; love; love; love; love; love; love; love; love; love; love; he begins displaying signs of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence um uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well well you know well you know um in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the President's Council of of of of of of of of of of of Economic Advisers so you know okay I mean so so okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know know from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after soon after soon after soon after soon after soon after soon after soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon after soon after soon after soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Cook Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well so you know so um well well I mean ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, and also appeared as a backing backing backing backing backing backing backing backing backing backing backing you know well um you know okay um so I mean you know okay singer in in in in in in in in in in in the video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire and and and and and and and and and and and well well okay well I mean well um uh I mean you know has has has has has has has has has has has a population of approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be in the exhibition: you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know so well so like um uh I mean 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured a sample of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she is not a very good student, student, student, student, student, student, student, student, student, student, student, uh I mean um so I mean um well I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so except for Art, in which she always has an A. She has she has she she she she she she she she she she she has she has she has she has she has she has she has she has she has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of front rowers in the 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th 40th Anniversary well so like you know um okay I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so Penrith Panthers 'Team of Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not statistically significant, though the practitioner uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so so well uh you know uh uh did correctly identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify identify 11 of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor was promoted to colonel like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay okay like uh like of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of Camden, best known as the the the the the the the the the the the you know like uh I mean I mean like so I mean like uh site site site site site site site site site site site of 'The Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' ) of western - central okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh um I mean uh uh like Michoacan State, the River River River River River River River River River River River takes a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; played a key role in a a a a a a a a a a a political well okay like um well um okay well like I mean crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis that threatened to tear the Liberal government and the country apart like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh like I mean so and incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day and Evening Academy, located in in in in in in in in in in in Roxbury, re-engages off - track students in their education uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh okay um preparing them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard University in 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, 1997, then well well uh well uh you know like like I mean uh attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete to keep costs down, but a a a a a a a a a a a steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's so so um well I mean well okay okay well uh extension to Aomori, the the the the the the the the the the the remaining northern portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her young children an opportunity to to to to to to to to to to to 'hear okay so you know um you know you know well um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh (her) and get a sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for for for for for for for for for for for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was shifted to other so so so so so so so so so so so you know well um uh well um I mean so uh building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, grew unhappy with expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding expanding well so uh like like I mean uh um uh uh power of Mindaugas and his his his his his his his his his his his clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in in in in in in in in in in in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under under under under under under under under under under under their plea agreements uh I mean so I mean uh I mean so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well although in 2016, McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at the the the the the the the the the the the age of forty - two; his funeral was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen Mary', loaded with American American American American American American American American American American American troops and supplies, and submerged to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, and been replaced by bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass you know like um uh um like um so uh okay singer Reggie Battise, bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, England formed in you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean so okay like uh okay okay like 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling still struggling with the same structural structural structural structural structural structural structural structural structural structural structural uh like you know well uh well well well um okay problems, in addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, addition, they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was was was was was was was was was was was christensen was christensen was christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was esler was esler was esler was esler was esler was esler was esler esler esler esler esler esler esler esler esler esler esler was esler was esler was esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the the the the the the the the the the the University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has he has he has he has he has he has he he he he he he he he he he he has he has he has he has he has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling her 'the hot one'; this um okay you know so um okay so so so so so so so so so so so um well um is shown in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, the first, the first, the first, the first, on 1st violins and violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, violas, is like the winds of a graveyard; the like you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well uh um second, played by oboes, is slower and more more more more more more more more more more more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is located at Jindabyne, km south - - - - - - - - - - - okay uh like like well uh um um like well west of Sydney and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published no more fiction during during during during during during during during during during during the well like I mean so well well I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well well remaining two decades of his life. Thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 1894, for the disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to - business service provider for mobile I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um so um well uh like I mean payment, mobile content and and and and and and and and and and and other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, he is, he is, he is, he is, he is, he is, he he he he he he he he he he he is, he is, he is, he is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times that the wire was was was was was was was was was was was well okay um you know okay well okay I mean you know like pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled through a draw plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as Modern Kid Power, it is estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated like so um um well you know I mean um um you know that that that that that that that that that that that there was enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born d. (born d. (born d. (born d. (born d d d d d d d d d d d. (born d. (born d. (born d. (born d. (born d. (born 1945 in Port Angeles, Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington United States) is President so uh um you know okay um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well of the and originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could pass to obtain the the the the the the the the the the the Green Card okay uh like uh you know okay I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean which will determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in born in born in born born born born born born born born born born born in born in born in born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who who who who who who who who who who who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country the country the country the country the country the country the country the the the the the the the the the the the country the country the country the country was divided into different economical and political systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, with several kinds of currency okay um so so you know okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well in circulation, and the ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew months after Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer Womer was born his mother (Roxie) took ill, and it became okay like um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know I mean like so increasingly difficult for her to care for four four four four four four four four four four four children and his parents decided to okay uh uh you know uh like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so send him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne in the next Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, so um um um so like I mean like well like after Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum john Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos and, as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the the the the the during the during the during the during the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed as the the the the the the the the the the the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, since then, since then, since then, since then, since then, since then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, since then, since then, since then, since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were houses or inns where horses you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean you know you know uh you know I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like were kept and could be rented and postriders could be hired to take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates written in an unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown language uh um uh uh you know well you know like um well or or or or or or or or or or or constructed language and are alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the as the as the as the as the as the as the as the the the the the the the the the the the as the as the as the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho derecho and wind gusts um uh okay you know okay like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like increased substantially, peaking as high as 91 mph (147 km / / / / / / / / / / / h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used originally used originally used originally used originally used originally used originally used used used used used used used used used used used originally used originally used originally used originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M.' around 2004 -- 05, where uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so so you know you know okay you know okay he noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted noted that the character was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers Scorers (swissFocus) was constituted in June 2001, its I mean so uh I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know like I mean objectives being to promote and develop Cricket Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was was was was was was was was was was was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a mast step, which by by by by by by by by by by by so well uh well uh like you know um like well its arrangement of of of of of of of of of of of boards allows the mast to be raised and lowered, and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film independent Film independent Film independent Film independent Film independent Film independent Film independent independent independent independent independent independent independent independent independent independent independent Film independent Film independent Film independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U I mean so you know like like um well um like like like like like like like like like like like uh. S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over the malt - making side side side side side side side side side side side of okay uh well like uh okay uh so you know I mean the family family family family family family family family family family family business and in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent images among the you you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean you know like um you know you know so finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' um so I mean you know okay okay so um so like of Cobo making making making making making making making making making making making it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when engaged in heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy fighting, a you know I mean like you know so okay so well so so so so so so so so so so so like single German infantry division required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies a a a a a a a a a a a day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know okay okay I mean uh okay like so commercial instrument manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, manufacturer, and installed at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than its western slope because the entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire Sierra like okay you know well I mean okay I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so Nevada is the result of a fault - block that is analogous to a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site the site the site the site the site the site the site the site site site site site site site site site site site the site the site the site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, more brutish cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; the okay okay like well uh um like uh I mean uh mother rats rats rats rats rats rats rats rats rats rats rats using their superior intelligence to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage name D. O. , is is is is is is is is is is is a okay uh so you know you know um like well um okay South Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean singer and actor best known as a member and one of the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic receivers and provides coaxial cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, cable, composite okay you know uh so I mean I mean um like so well video video video video video video video video video video video and S - Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in Haverfordwest ) is a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well like you know I mean like I mean you know Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh musician, performing solo and with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard richard richard richard richard richard richard richard richard richard richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is is is is is is is is is is is an American former diplomat, university administrator um like um so well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean and politician from Ohio, he is a member of the Democratic Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional soldier, Deng was a political activist okay well so well um well well I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and knew little about military, their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge the Hurstbridge line is both notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable and notorious for having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating with degrees in science, like well so well like um okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the the the the the the the the the the the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y the M25Y is a single - cylinder two - - - - - - - - - - - stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine like like uh uh uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um design, with a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2. 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 2: 1, so um uh um I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um um 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval Naval so so I mean uh like you know uh you know you know well Units Units Units Units Units Units Units Units Units Units Units and Shanghai Kokutai on the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is glory is glory is glory is glory is glory is glory is glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory glory is glory is glory is glory is upset when she sees he is not the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not have any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink was a variation uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know like like uh um okay of Ed the Tizer Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, Head, whilst its sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 an action of the Eighty Years 'War well you know like okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like um um in which a Dutch Republican army captured the the the the the the the the the the the city of's - Hertogenbosch which had been I mean okay you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know you know well loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, they released a third you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay um you know like um like uh you know CD, 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State 'State of Control' and a full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor of Auckland so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well you know uh so well and was re-elected to this office in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, and and and and and and and and and and and became so like so like like um uh uh I mean I mean Kelis 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest success to date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the by the by the by the by the by the by the by by by by by by by by by by by the by the by the by the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation increased its assets by almost so I mean okay I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean um 10 times, and took the 5th place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- every 10 bits sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent sent carry 8 like um um uh you know like you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well bits of data -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road where it deviates from okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so okay like like you know well uh you know the old old old old old old old old old old old Turnpike Road (still named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French mother (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie Ravachol), he uh you know I mean so you know okay well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well adopted his mother's maiden name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, Hahn was released and in in in in in in in in in in in so okay um uh well like you know I mean well uh July 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 1933 he was able to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left their courses due to unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable unbearable uh I mean um so well well I mean okay you know well ragging they they they they they they they they they they they undergo, and a new tendency is emerging as students who complete their I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay I mean you know um okay so okay GCE Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance the importance the importance the importance the importance the importance the importance the the the the the the the the the the the importance the importance the importance the importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, century, when the Japanese conquered it, I mean so um um so well like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like and the city was further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by arranging for NATO okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh I mean um well well like um air strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes strikes and an artillery barrage which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons made of two quarks and so so so so so so so so so so so um well well I mean uh you know so well you know two antiquark, but the the the the the the the the the the the particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos - fire was poured poured poured poured poured poured poured poured poured poured poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large unusually large unusually large unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually unusually large unusually large unusually large unusually large unusually large unusually large unusually large large large large large large large large large large large unusually large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which organized world tours and booked booked booked booked booked booked booked booked booked booked booked well um like you know you know so like so I mean well live live live live live live live live live live live performances for various artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than than than than than than than than than than than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), I mean uh uh uh um well so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know well and though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British First Army in Tunisia and and and and and and and and and and and so uh you know like well you know well so well I mean from from from from from from from from from from from there it fought through the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell him about Mookie's idol, he defected to to to to to to to to to to to like I mean okay uh well like like I mean well okay Earl's alliance and worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, rising to to to to to to to to to to to so you know you know like well okay like uh like you know the rank rank rank rank rank rank rank rank rank rank rank of an 'Oberst' and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires miniature black holes, called the I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean so I mean I mean okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Dimension Tide, opens a wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing with her work as an actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress um um okay like so well like you know so like and producer in her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful the successful the successful the successful the successful the successful the successful the successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful the successful the successful the successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, but but but but but but but but but but but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was active in the vicinity of of of of of of of of of of of uh well like uh um you know you know um um um Charleroi; included included included included included included included included included included included in his output are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club the club the club the club the club the club club club club club club club club club club club the club the club the club the club the club was 41 - 45 in a a a a a a a a a a a tight division race in which they finished one okay well uh like uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like game out in the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they when they when they when they when they when they when they when when when when when when when when when when when they when they when they when they were signed by Island Records in the US US US US US US US US US US US the band um uh I mean okay well okay I mean um so um decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to film a higher budget video: the American video for this song stars Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Flowers, Izabella I mean you know um okay uh well okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay Miko, and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time as time as time as time as time as time as time as as as as as as as as as as as time as time as time as time goes by they go to the race track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set up their establishment of the the the the the the the the the the the well uh uh like um okay I mean I mean like so federation federation federation federation federation federation federation federation federation federation federation in Beijing as the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in support of Ferdinand, but well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know you know I mean okay I mean you know Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Wild and Ops (B), the SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before his death, his family like so so so so so so so so so so so okay like um uh like uh uh uh was in great danger and therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as a main cast member member member member member member member member member member member I mean so so okay I mean well I mean okay so like on 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic Light' along with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy was permitted to remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain open as you know I mean well okay like okay you know um uh I mean an independent training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' or 'usus': in I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know you know uh well uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know the latter, a woman could avoid her husband's legal control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and Technology magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so okay um uh well okay okay and 1990s, playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the the the the the the the the the the the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian the Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) (CATA) is a professional body was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to take Azmaria as far okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean you know you know like uh like you know away as as as as as as as as as as as they can, but before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university but has now left (though (though (though (though (though (though (though (though (though (though (though it okay um I mean like um so uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know retained some ties) having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if they object the child child child child child child child child child child child (unless I mean you know like I mean you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean so they are over 16 years old) can not be accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated accommodated under Section 20 of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes from severe severe severe severe severe severe severe severe severe severe severe Cerebral so uh well you know okay I mean um um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean Palsy caused by medical negligence during her birth and has been treated for the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main main main main main main main main main main main evented uh so like so so I mean um um you know okay in third episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won won won won won won won won won won won her first WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - provoking, edgy, award - winning I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um I mean like uh like um um films, spearheading a new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - based, amateur handball handball handball handball handball handball handball handball handball handball handball club registered um so you know uh so I mean um uh so so so so so so so so so so so like in the England Handball Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor best known for playing Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Deputy Police okay okay like well you know so you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Commissioner William Rawls on HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, 1965) was born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But Me' is a single single single single single single single single single single single by American country music singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a career on the stage of more more more more more more more more more more more okay so like okay I mean you know okay I mean okay so than two decades, playing secondary character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a few catholic seminaries before he he he he he he he he he he he became I mean you know um you know like okay like you know so so so so so so so so so so so well a priest, he was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the USA to introduce RFID technology well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean uh I mean um um you know so was Spring Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent School District near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun Mansion and Library, you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know um like uh okay uh was originally built as a four four four four four four four four four four four room house about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced that it had bought bought bought bought bought bought bought bought bought bought bought uh um well I mean I mean uh okay um okay um the Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Building from a private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the first time due to an an an an an an an an an an an injury of like um uh uh like okay uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Benedikt Höwedes in a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to to to to to to to to to to to the official religion as a way well uh um well well so okay well well well well well well well well well well well like like for people to seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay well uh well well okay in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to close to close to close to close to close to close to close to to to to to to to to to to to close to close to close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City garden City garden City garden City garden City garden City garden City garden garden garden garden garden garden garden garden garden garden garden City garden City garden City garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & Britton, worked in advertising in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh okay so like uh you know so Chicago, and was the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of the Premier League season in a a a a a a a a a a a you know I mean I mean okay uh you know well like um well 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 -- 2 draw at home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh was entrusted to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so you know so okay so you know uh the ARVN 9th Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also burriss also burriss also burriss also burriss also burriss also burriss also also also also also also also also also also also burriss also burriss also burriss also burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a a a a a a a a a a a summer league for uh um okay um uh like uh I mean so well college college college college college college college college college college college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins in single - uh like so so so so so so so so so so so you know well um so um like I mean candidate votes, although there is room room room room room room room room room room room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became a recurring role starting you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay I mean like you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in the 1945 - 46 season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of Nations, but instead you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh like um okay well so I mean took the initiative to disarm the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged Squad Support System was was was was was was was was was was was to 'Go where dismounts go, do what dismounts well you know you know well so so so so so so so so so so so um well okay you know okay do, work among dismounts,' carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees and their families travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled by okay so uh okay uh so okay um like um steamer to Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical styles, many of the the the the the the the the the the the later you know like so you know like I mean so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay conceived artists in the 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent on the land to to to to to to to to to to to so okay well well um okay well I mean I mean uh the Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau Bureau of Land Management, but the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to put to paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper a I mean okay so so like um okay uh okay okay series series series series series series series series series series series of captivating, colorful stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, which describes the the the the the the the the the the the interior with so um I mean well okay so well well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay an accuracy no subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the the the the the the the the the the the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty Challenge was an an an an an an an an an an an Indy Pro Series race held on the road course well um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh um um so I mean at Indianapolis, from 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main antagonist, ditching Greg for for for for for for for for for for for his new girlfriend Abigail, though in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist youth organization in the whole well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like you know um well okay well like area of the Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working working working working working working working working working working working in South Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking became chronic, and and and and and and and and and and and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince after after after after after after after after after after after Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend John John John John John John John John John John John Hugh you know okay you know like well you know uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi was 'one of okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like um um okay so well the toughest men in in in in in in in in in in in the world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a reverse auction, as back loads okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so okay you know well okay um well and part loads often require require require require require require require require require require require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to local media, attackers in four four four four four four four four four four four off - road vehicles planted two bombs, well uh okay uh you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well after their detonation, they opened fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people marched through west Belfast; I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay okay I mean well um okay uh like during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had tod had tod had tod had tod had tod had tod had tod had tod tod tod tod tod tod tod tod tod tod tod had tod had tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with the group group group group group group group group group group group Dig Dat so um so I mean okay um okay like so uh Hole with with with with with with with with with with with future Cop Shoot Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates operates operates operates operates operates operates operates operates operates operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand. Idea stores idea stores idea stores idea stores idea stores idea stores idea stores idea stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores idea stores idea stores idea stores are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the well well well well well well well well well well well um you know okay uh like I mean like so like park covers an an an an an an an an an an an area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske giske giske giske giske giske giske giske giske giske giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience No. 2', the first uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know well um I mean I mean so single released on on on on on on on on on on on May 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a visionary and virtuoso of this this this this this this this this this this this art took um like okay like okay um well so um uh Koothu and and and and and and and and and and and Kudiyattam outside the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in in in in in in in in in in in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his participation participation participation participation participation participation participation participation participation participation participation in the murders committed okay uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so at 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated the address on June 26, Henley assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted Corll I mean like okay like well um uh like I mean like and and and and and and and and and and and Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from from from from from from from from from from from the Philadelphia High School for Girls well um you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um you know you know I mean in 1974 and from 1990 to to to to to to to to to to to 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded folded folded folded folded folded folded folded folded folded folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves offer less exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure to sunlight, so they are heated less thus reducing evaporation and okay well so so so so so so so so so so so well like so well so um okay conserving the remaining water in the plant and and and and and and and and and and and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, is the best - - - - - - - - - - - reviewed film okay well um I mean um so okay so um I mean in in in in in in in in in in in the 'X-Men' series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back to several earlier blues songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs like I mean well uh uh like um like uh so and it has has has has has has has has has has has been suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August on August on August on August on August on August on August August August August August August August August August August August on August on August on August on August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the the the the the the the the the the the 15th Montgomery County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March on March on March on March on March on March on March on on on on on on on on on on on March on March on March on March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd outdoor game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's the car's the car's the car's the car's the car's the car's the car's the the the the the the the the the the the car's the car's the car's name is a reference to the General Robert E E E E E E E E E E E. Lee and it so like I mean well um like okay uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know bears a Confederate flag on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the events of 'Resident like um um um um um um um um um um um like so you know um like like uh okay Evil 3' are revisited in the 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 made a return to International International International International International International International International International International International Handball so like um okay I mean you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like with four appearances for Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last name Bartlett (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) (2009) and the okay so uh so well okay well um well you know town town town town town town town town town town town has a pub, a general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the the the the the the the the the the the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in 1996 to Moore's former uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well I mean you know I mean um like okay seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat and still serves in the chamber, called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after the votes are tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased to around 2, 000 individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, individuals, like well I mean I mean so I mean well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with a majority of the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet officials that same day, who who who who who who who who who who who asked if like uh you know uh like you know well like um okay he he he he he he he he he he he wanted to return to the United States; he insisted to them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains it contains it contains it contains it contains it contains it contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains contains it contains it contains it contains it contains more extras than the previously released US set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene in London, then traveled you know so so you know okay I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh on to Sweden as a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology in Tehran in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um okay you know I mean um okay um 1986, Tahmineh Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani Milani started movie directing with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding the pledge; quoted members said said said said said said said said said said said they so okay well you know um I mean okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like found the 'under God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season making a total of uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know like you know so well okay well seven appearances in his his his his his his his his his his his first season as a professional, making his debut as a substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases Database is based around a collection of of of of of of of of of of of about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and David King after experiencing similar frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations frustrations um well you know well I mean okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um while working freelance; the brothers wanted a software that would let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where where where where where where where where where where where half of the um well so okay so I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh amount of geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth beth beth beth beth beth beth beth beth beth beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September September September September September September September September September September September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of part of part of part of part of part of part of part part part part part part part part part part part of part of part of part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part of the AND / um um um um um um um um um um um um uh so uh um so you know well you know OR Gallery in Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, the center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid hid hid hid hid hid hid hid hid hid hid well you know okay um you know I mean um well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know escaped deserters from the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is is is is is is is is is is is pomade is pomade is pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
3524.txt: Stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Massachusetts, attended the University of you know I mean I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh okay Rhode Island and Stutz played three seasons (1946 -- 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) in the Basketball Association of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three ships were forced to to to to to to to to to to to stop okay uh okay well you know okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in Los Angeles for repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait to lure Ex-Aid and and and and and and and and and and and Brave, you know so uh well okay well um well you know you know in in in in in in in in in in in which Snipe later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the purchase of the money money money money money money money money money money money uh okay um um you know okay I mean you know like you know - losing, $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 300 million in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; so you know know know know know know know know know know know so like um well I mean um um like in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who was sworn in on June 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th uh well um uh so uh so I mean like I mean 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he however, he however, he however, he however, he however, he however, he he he he he he he he he he he however, he however, he however, he however, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of of of of of of of of of of of soldiers positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart with Dolly, and acknowledges that her her her her her her her her her her her I mean like so you know like um you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well ex is now with a woman fifteen years younger than her with a baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John sir John sir John sir John sir John sir John sir John John John John John John John John John John John sir John sir John sir John sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1840), entered the employment of the okay well okay I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like king of Sweden as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic language song in in in in in in in in in in in Egyptian Arabic uh like well you know okay okay okay okay okay um by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in included in included in included in included in included in included in included included included included included included included included included included included in included in included in included in this forecast was another revision in the projected revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue from charitable gambling sources, from um uh I mean so I mean like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay the previous estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November 1886) was the the the the the the the the the the the first African - like well okay uh you know like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so American to graduate from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and butcher him for stew meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, telling well okay uh you know well like so okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know the rest of the family that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the when the when the when the when the when the when the when when when when when when when when when when when the when the when the when the program was revived in 1982, the school school school school school school school school school school school did not have a large budget and coach well okay you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh like so um Erk Russell ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in while in while in while in while in while in while in in in in in in in in in in in while in while in while in while in service to the government, he studied at Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming in coming in coming in coming in coming in coming in coming in in in in in in in in in in in coming in coming in coming in coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, um uh I mean like uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean jockey Santos was represented by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short - listed for the top top top top top top top top top top top job I mean well uh um well okay I mean well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean but applied after he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks and Caicos Islands when the the the the the the the the the the the region uh okay like you know so uh uh so like um was struck by Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian authorities in Cali during March March March March March March March March March March March 2004, well well like okay like well so so okay well accused of having having having having having having having having having having having shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF), will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so well okay you know so like deliver data and data products products products products products products products products products products products for a 25 - year - plus time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of one of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of her most notable projects was Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, a restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work for a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the southern states and then uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean so well well uh I mean so Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash Cash began to tour with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively required in order to to to to to to to to to to to well you know I mean you know I mean um okay like so like like like like like like like like like like like work, which is why some people use the term common - interest association to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so I mean you know um like I mean like describe groups which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November 2010 which outlined many new developments, including the impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is the differentiation of of of of of of of of of of of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon as well well I mean okay like I mean you know I mean like well the the the the the the the the the the the player has gained access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the influence of the 2nd so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know so so I mean I mean okay Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Newcastle, he was a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British the British the British the British the British the British the British British British British British British British British British British British the British the British the British the British discovered Pau and its climate and left left left left left left left left left left left their imprint, partly because um so so okay okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know well you know so like um 40 km to to to to to to to to to to to the NW) on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with six sacks and and and and and and and and and and and 13 tackles um uh well well okay like um um so I mean for for for for for for for for for for for loss, and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract such as those well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um like so okay uh so so published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the for the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for for for for for the for the for the for the for the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her her her her her her her her her her her local homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins its origins its origins its origins its origins its origins its origins origins origins origins origins origins origins origins origins origins origins its origins its origins its origins its origins can be traced back to the 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy okay uh like um uh um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well you know of Carniola was divided into three administrative districts, given by the the the the the the the the the the the scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to give the patient the uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know well okay like um okay well okay last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him him him him him him him him him him him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers got off to a like like like like like like like like like like like well you know well well like like you know uh I mean strong start winning their first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the water, bikini - clad, resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in well uh like so I mean okay you know well I mean like the two girls having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers of workforce training, adult literacy programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, programs, and well okay you know uh I mean well okay like okay okay non-credit classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes in a four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese War in 1937, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese okay okay I mean uh like so you know you know well like troops overran the the the the the the the the the the the salterns in North China and soon more than half the salt okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh I mean um so uh I mean um revenue was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics in 1989 to win the the the the the the the the the the the uh well uh okay well um like um so uh World Series after losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker in the early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks of the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, the however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, the however, the however, the however, the battle does not end here; all the power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit of the plant being being being being being being being being being being being uh like uh uh you know okay okay okay well like used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because because because because because because because because because because because the protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was was was was was was was was was was was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of Westminster politics when he lost I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like like well uh okay you know uh um office in 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before the punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the the the the the the the the the the the fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' and 'Mini um so you know uh well I mean well like okay um um um um um um um um um um um Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, and the abstracts spun spun spun spun spun spun spun spun spun spun spun a variety of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight underfloor - engined chassis uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um um like like okay um like built by Leyland Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors Motors between 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the the the the the the the the the the the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich the sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two years of emergency but the discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent lead well I mean uh uh okay like I mean like you know like to a wave in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely NEVER WILL as like like like like like like like like like like like like so well so well okay so um well it's an informal (unresolved) term that that that that that that that that that that that has fallen out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights advocate, scholar in in in in in in in in in in in the field well okay I mean uh um so I mean well um well of of of of of of of of of of of critical race theory, and a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English English English English English English English English English English English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous uh uh uh like um okay okay uh okay uh writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management had destroyed or atleast tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried okay like you know so I mean well so I mean like okay to hide the evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence before the police arrived and they alleged that fellow students uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay okay uh um were asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a well known South South South South South South South South South South South African brand I mean you know okay you know like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like of rusks - a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver O. Howard threatened to to to to to to to to to to to attack um well um uh like so well okay so like if the Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians Indians did not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function of all the forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces acting well so uh um uh um so like like um on the plate; however, therein therein therein therein therein therein therein therein therein therein therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who played in the 1950s, uh you know so like I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean uh playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and cut off the column of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean okay uh okay like well so armoured cars in in in in in in in in in in in the valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in in in in in in in in in in in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use use use use use use use use use use use to like you know well okay okay I mean well okay okay I mean cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak cloak Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men in the Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping well okay I mean well I mean well well I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know Department, while other women could enroll in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 1974) was an American businessperson and so well well so like uh well um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh politician. The Democrat King served as the first United States Representative from California's 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus Station, a transport congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion I mean like like so so uh um I mean uh okay started forming forming forming forming forming forming forming forming forming forming forming in the station, and as a result bus stations started spreading towards the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 a village of of of of of of of of of of of Greeks and uh like um okay um like like um um um Albanians which ranks first in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the as the as the as the as the as the as the as as as as as as as as as as as the as the as the as the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House House House House House House House House House House House of Lords, Lord Wei also takes well well so I mean um um okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well an interest in British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, and the second time he he he he he he he he he he he I mean you know I mean you know so um so um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean told him that he had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja buses and the more sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated um um well uh I mean I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like TransJakarta bus rapid transit which is the longest bus rapid transit system in the the the the the the the the the the the um you know um um like okay um um uh okay world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest in social justice and and and and and and and and and and and well I mean okay like well uh you know I mean uh um a a a a a a a a a a a gifted linguist from an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely localized to to to to to to to to to to to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar well so uh okay uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba principality of São Gonçalo do do do do do do do do do do do you know okay so uh like like you know well so you know Amarante and and and and and and and and and and and died from a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation the operation the operation the operation the operation the operation the operation the the the the the the the the the the the operation the operation the operation the operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end of of of of of of of of of of of 25 June and you know you know so um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well the 49th Division continued the attack southwards until 1 July, July, July, July, July, July, July, July, July, July, July, when the division saw off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath Beckerath -- like you know well um um okay so okay so you know in in in in in in in in in in in his 1997 book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; his like I mean so okay uh okay I mean like okay I mean grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather Louis Antoine Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world is children, and, caring for his you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean well like I mean okay um okay okay children's welfare, permits Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is one of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well well uh I mean well uh the most popular and influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential actors of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero Award for the prom as as as as as as as as as as as um um like uh okay I mean okay so um okay well as the Bob Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for his work well I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um I mean uh on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Award in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan into molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, used pigeon Island as his base, he forged an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and well well well well well well well well well well well well so so like okay well like like well twin sons ( Kanani and Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i Keli'i ) all four who help run the center. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the during the during the during the during the during the during the during during during during during during during during during during during the during the during the during the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy losses losses losses losses losses losses losses losses losses losses losses due Sarmiento's men I mean I mean um you know like um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the incident, which will include salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging I mean well okay well so you know I mean uh okay okay the the the the the the the the the the the fuselages of the two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, and Henry was subject I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean so so well uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean to long imprisonment by Hugh; but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, 'which was featured as the' you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay okay okay um okay so like exit song song song song song song song song song song song 'during the seventh season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last the last the last the last the last the last the last the the the the the the the the the the the last the last the last the last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in itself does not prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove uh well you know you know so um well well so you know that that that that that that that that that that that Bess was in service at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high school basketball player, and in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean okay I mean well you know so um 2015 was was was was was was was was was was was featured as one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be given as 5. 6 seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to service the Horizon Oil Sands project project project project project project project project project project project uh um um so so so okay um I mean uh of Canadian Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal reconstruction to a design you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um you know so I mean I mean you know well by by by by by by by by by by by Architect George Coles; almost all the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west west west west west west west west west west west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's west Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals occur annually in in in in in in in in in in in Raglan and uh okay okay uh so well so okay like so Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to the reserves, missing out out out out out out out out out out out I mean you know um um um uh I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean on an appearance in the final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the king's brother Gusulf, where he I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well you know you know I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um noted that Abbas did not ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists and researchers that Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley um like um I mean like well you know you know like um worked with with with with with with with with with with with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a cat mask, which is you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay so well you know well like um okay the only part part part part part part part part part part part of her visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern the southern the southern the southern the southern the southern the the the the the the the the the the the southern the southern the southern the southern the southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in love with each other again like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like so okay well uh okay okay and after an argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy a multiple of sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors like so I mean I mean I mean um you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know well regardless of the file's actual size files that do not fill a whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that the artisans say uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know well uh you know you know um well is chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically chemically unique but at current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is also an overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall champion um uh so okay well like okay okay like so titled the All - Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in born in born in in in in in in in in in in in born in born in born in born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in in in in in in in in in in in the Kalush District of Galiсia, then uh uh I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um you know well you know like part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire, in in in in in in in in in in in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star like like I mean uh um you know okay uh um so expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert Dallas. J. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous the previous the previous the previous the previous the previous the previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous the previous the previous the previous the previous voyages had been in search of of of of of of of of of of of the mythical Strait of Anián well okay uh like like so you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean and the Island of California, which according to a previously published published published published published published published published published published published romance novel in Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser (born 15 December 1983), is uh I mean uh okay you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well a New Zealand musician best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on on on on on on on on on on on uh like I mean like uh um so I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know listen. Com and has earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 um well so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay um well so. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian Maya society can be inferred only only only only only only only only only only only from well you know you know I mean you know so so you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh their elaborate burial sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became its first honorary president and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, so um well um well well okay uh you know I mean upon his his his his his his his his his his his death, was succeeded by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an American rock musician from Detroit I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean okay like okay well uh I mean okay that is most most most most most most most most most most most popular for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new the new the new the new the new the new the new the new new new new new new new new new new new the new the new the new design was used as the basis of of of of of of of of of of of the E class, supplied like you know uh uh like okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know like um by Neilson and Company in 1904, and in the same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to see if Fanny's hat so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean I mean like I mean uh like was there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, but the door closed behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a PK -- okay well well well well well well well well well well well well um you know like so okay you know I mean 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 -- 24 November uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know so you know so so um 1857) was a British general general general general general general general general general general general who is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to according to according to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according according according according according to according to according to according to this article (see reference) the whole tour tour tour tour tour tour tour tour tour tour tour in Australia will approximately well um I mean okay I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know earn $ 56 million, though, with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and in 1962, the New Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey uh um um um well okay okay okay uh I mean Expressway Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Act was signed into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is russell is russell is russell is russell is russell is russell is russell russell russell russell russell russell russell russell russell russell russell is russell is russell is russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward with a futuristic man named Cuber; you know I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know okay I mean you know furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it it it it it it it it it it it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission the mission the mission the mission the mission the mission the mission the mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission the mission the mission the mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created in 1965 and covers okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like you know I mean okay so um well the the the the the the the the the the the ceremonial county of Greater London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status Quo, which was released as so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know like you know well um well well I mean a a a a a a a a a a a single in 1972 (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is a part of the San San San San San San San San San San San Francisco Bay Area. By 2030 San Ramon so so so well okay um so uh okay um will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, Christina thought that the chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken I mean uh I mean I mean uh so like um okay uh had unexpectedly great flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species selection is S. J. Gould who who who who who who who who who who who has proposed I mean like like I mean um you know I mean uh like um um um um um um um um um um um the view that there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two years Thrace was in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um so like uh uh um uh hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 on 9 on 9 on 9 on 9 on 9 on 9 on on on on on on on on on on on 9 on 9 on 9 on 9 January 2011, at a political meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting at the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney you know okay you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know so uh disclosed that he and and and and and and and and and and and his wife had agreed to an amicable separation and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the archipelago, caused by by by by by by by by by by by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case of Gabriel Perry', and and and and and and and and and and and spent okay um uh like I mean um so uh you know so the remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder remainder of the decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is within a song featuring producer and and and and and and and and and and and I mean um okay you know I mean well well so you know know know know know know know know know know know well lyricist Rebel MC, in which a sample was taken from a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all they all they all they all they all they all they all they all all all all all all all all all all all they all they all they all share the same chemical composition of AlPO 4 and have have have have have have have have have have have framework structures so so so um well you know um like like um with with with with with with with with with with with microporous cavities and the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll threatened them as they they they they they they they they they they they came, one by one; the two older ran off, so like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like so so okay okay but the youngest set out, having asked for food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, and when the troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) and Hildeburh in the the the the the the the the the the the Old uh well like I mean okay I mean I mean so like um English English English English English English English English English English English poems 'Beowulf' and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is is is is is is is is is is is niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon from June 8, 2013 to to to to to to to to to to to so so okay I mean so I mean so uh uh so July 17, 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014. The season the season the season the season the season the season the season the the the the the the the the the the the season the season the season the season introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 the scenario of such an um um um um um um um um um um um um so uh uh I mean uh uh so like alliance seemed plausible to the the the the the the the the the the the British public; only four years later, Britain and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in the process of developing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know um so well well uh so a 10 acre wetland site site site site site site site site site site site having already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, he is the executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive executive chairman um like you know okay okay so well um well okay & & & & & & & & & & & CEO of Investcorp, a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award - winning filmmaker who has like like well well well well well well well well well well well like well okay well so like well produced and directed over 70 professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, district, district, district, district, district, district, district, district, district, district, um well okay I mean like you know okay so well like Manipur state, state, state, state, state, state, state, state, state, state, state, India Lunghar is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat for the aristocracy, it was was was was was was was was was was was built okay like like so um uh I mean you know I mean like alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside the lake; the villa was named after an elm planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / DJ and is the only only only only only only only only only only only I mean okay like um okay so um um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the lead character is not am am am am am am am am am am am um I mean like you know okay like so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean ambitious feminist but is a woman based in the home but a sensitive woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many many many many many many many many many many many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions and art events were held in the space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld attempted to pull him back to to to to to to to to to to to uh um so like okay well um um well um congratulate him after their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition and a a a a a a a a a a a benefactor so like well like you know okay okay so um um to local local local local local local local local local local local churches, paying for the restoration of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against the Byzantine Empire and and and and and and and and and and and against the uh well okay I mean okay um like uh um like Turks in the the the the the the the the the the the east, and negotiations of peace had just begun with the Emperor Tiberius okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean like okay uh okay like II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is the reason why Manx is is is is is is is is is is is no longer a part of the FCPD, um you know well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay okay um and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results the results the results the results the results the results the results the the the the the the the the the the the results the results the results the results of an ECG will point to a heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart illness and can only be okay uh uh um okay like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know deciphered to be athlete's heart through careful examination by a a a a a a a a a a a health care practioner which will commonly um I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like so um you know like notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian all all all all all all all all all all all Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian states require that firearms must be locked in in in in in in in in in in in steel cabinets or safes, with well I mean you know okay like okay um um um um um um um um um um um like well you know the ammunition (and bolt if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' and parallels a look look look look look look look look look look look at uh okay well well you know so uh um like I mean King King King King King King King King King King King David's life with his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP and Roberts McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney Zagotta LLP before well um so okay like like so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like becoming a baseball agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel is a small shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, often I mean okay uh um well okay okay well like so built in the shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape of a little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect the current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the 2010 season for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean you know uh well okay you know well the the the the the the the the the the the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the island and as of 2004, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so you know so so um so well the State of Florida was was was was was was was was was was was offering a site in the Island Gardens project on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The 61st transitioned to the um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean you know you know well like you know like I mean F - 80 Shooting Star and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 in 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC / UMinho in the opening round but like um okay like uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay their domestic campaign ended with a 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is an attractive female (believing that like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh like okay I mean um well statutory rape is not a crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released he released he released he released he released he released he released he released released released released released released released released released released released he released he released he released his first two recordings in Australia before before before before before before before before before before before moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the first in mid- like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like I mean uh okay um like 1935, as the committee launched a a a a a a a a a a a major probe into utility companies funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of Deusto, and completed follow like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean so um I mean um like well you know - - - - - - - - - - - up studies at the École Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts for La you know like well you know uh I mean like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know okay Sylphide to show off her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew he grew he grew he grew he grew he grew he grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew he grew he grew he grew he grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the the the the the the the the the the the Edgartown School as an instructional I mean um so so okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean um technology specialist and as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared in the opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening scenes of you know like uh okay like I mean okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so the 2008 James Bond film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August 1929) was a career career career career career career career career career career career solider well um like you know uh you know so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh who commanded the First Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played played played played played played played played played played played marlo played marlo played marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was was was was was was was was was was was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a a a a a a a a a a a continuation okay I mean you know well uh uh like uh um um in in in in in in in in in in in the traditions of the Church of the East, one of the oldest so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know um you know so well Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred often referred often referred often referred often referred often referred often referred often referred often referred referred referred referred referred referred referred referred referred referred referred often referred often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of the characters, Tokiwa is is is is is is is is is is is a transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing Dynasty when when when when when when when when when when when the Japanese Empire well uh well so you know okay I mean like um so so so so so so so so so so so defeated China in the First Sino - Japanese War to made China discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue discontinue um um okay like like okay um like well like the influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances and won five Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Awards, and like so well I mean um I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well the musical has been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state of Andhra Pradesh, it is is is is is is is is is is is located on the banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay um you know you know um so you you you you you you you you you you you know and after his release from prison he was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, when King Richard I of of of of of of of of of of of England captured well I mean well uh uh you know like uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean it on his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked by the Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Ablaze Communications well I mean uh uh so uh you know so I mean okay as as as as as as as as as as as a subsidiary of the organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was high, but as as as as as as as as as as as the toxic effects well okay well well um you know uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know um of cadmium became apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean well um like well you know so in most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although there is a dress code, code, code, code, code, code, code, code, code, code, code, however in like so so like so you know uh I mean well well 2006 'Smart Fridays' were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a a a a a a a a a a a Master's degree um um um uh okay um um I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number of boat houses marked on old maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, I mean um uh okay so um like so like uh including two two two two two two two two two two two on the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional engine and propeller mounted on the the the the the the the the the the the okay um uh so so I mean I mean like okay so tail of the the the the the the the the the the the airship; the rolled seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - resistor - resistor - resistor - resistor - resistor - resistor - resistor - - - - - - - - - - - resistor - resistor - resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used used used used used used used used used used used for the nonlinear element, okay well like well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well like like well but a simpler traditional solution is to use a thermistor or or or or or or or or or or or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a free agent with the New like like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know so um well well okay um York Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in 1891, and the Chandigarh well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean you know like you know you know so so like - Sahnewal line (also referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce vasospasm, however, a okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean uh you know okay subsequent meta - analysis including including including including including including including including including including including three further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition in addition in addition in addition in addition to this, without access to this crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial crucial pass, Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana (goblin attendants of well you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay so you know um okay um you know Shiva); one one one one one one one one one one one of the attendants -- placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group formed in 1996 and consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence of the city just prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to you know okay okay well okay I mean well I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know the Second Boer War, though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María juana María juana María juana María juana María juana María juana María juana María María María María María María María María María María María juana María juana María juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Conny Méndez (11 April uh you know well uh I mean so uh well so so so so so so so so so so so you know 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the the the the the the the the the the the Cabinet Room, where he warns okay well uh so uh so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um the PM that Luke is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it it it it it it it it it it it simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C are being evaluated for for for for for for for for for for for their so so uh so um so like uh okay okay possible use in cancer, but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his his his his his his his his his his his presidency, all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division I. UTSA will join the the the the the the the the the the the um okay uh okay you know like you know okay like well Western Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Athletic Conference on July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June in June in June in June in June in June in June in in in in in in in in in in in June in June in June in June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of of of of of of of of of of of citizenship and in May 1802 you know I mean uh well okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so well uh like in Vienna Scots Church he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers as like so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know um you know so okay I mean aliens, men with with with with with with with with with with with whom we share a city, but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have been been been been been been been been been been been sent by the uh um you know so you know um um well so so Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, a former mayor of Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo Trujillo uh okay you know you know I mean like okay well um uh Alto, and Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on the old side side side side side side side side side side side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court to dispute the theory and in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of Chicago in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, considering that he had had had had had had had had had had had like well so like I mean well you know like you know like a a a a a a a a a a a young family to care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and cited a range of sources sources sources sources sources sources sources sources sources sources sources supporting um um okay I mean okay you know okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the doctrine of the Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering after discovering after discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering after discovering after discovering after discovering after discovering after discovering after discovering after discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering after discovering that the okay uh so uh you know well like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean demons are herbivores and eat half their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that is performed in an an an an an an an an an an an operatic style, I mean so you know you know like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay well or a song, theme or motif from classical music stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized stylized as pop. The term the term the term the term the term the term the the the the the the the the the the the term the term the term the term the term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body cavities where where where where where where where where where where where you know um like I mean like so well I mean I mean okay they they they they they they they they they they they are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging application for businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open Data Experience (CODE) appathon on on on on on on on on on on on the uh okay well you know um well well uh like you know the weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend of February 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months earlier by Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph okay like uh you know uh okay well so you know uh Fiorella and Royce Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination by association can also take take take take take take take take take take take well um I mean well okay um um like so uh a case even if if if if if if if if if if if they do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of injustice, for example, when Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister Harriet uh well okay I mean I mean so um like well like Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones destroys the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up with Lois Lane after his okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay well okay um okay um I mean X-ray vision reveals that that that that that that that that that that that she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the franchise, so like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay uh so okay I mean okay Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, had served two uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well uh you know so like okay I mean terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well - known station in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay like um like you know like the area from 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible changes in two small areas I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like you know uh uh uh like so of the rat rat rat rat rat rat rat rat rat rat rat brain, which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability of phylloquinone, however, fat added um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um I mean um like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to it increases bioavailability to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one of the most famous carp lakes in the country, whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries and has been so okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay okay you know uh like collected by among others Kevin Spacey and and and and and and and and and and and is related to J. B. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black the black the black the black the black the black the the the the the the the the the the the black the black the black the black the black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), ), ), ), ), ), ), ), ), ), ), also known as 'Blue Drum' for well okay so so I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know its dark and hint of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, and three missing you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay well um well okay um you know like person reports in the state since 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg to whom he was was was was was was was was was was was like so so like uh like well well I mean uh married for six six six six six six six six six six six years, and was also married to Michiko Nogami (a language like so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well so well um like um instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of Fallot (TOF), that will will will will will will will will will will will require you know I mean you know um I mean okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh him to undergo at least three open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos wear Smith's left - - - - - - - - - - - handed you know you know I mean you know okay um um um well like glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, glove, this being the reason behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections of Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways Highways 216 and 16 before I mean like like I mean well so like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know uh bisecting the city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was the principal figure of I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean so um um like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic awards -- platinum is so so so so so so so so so so so uh so so I mean uh so so like um achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without driving without driving without driving without driving without driving without without without without without without without without without without without driving without driving without driving without driving without driving without due care and attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention attention or careless driving is a legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed developed developed developed developed developed developed developed developed developed developed pattaya developed pattaya developed pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept this concept this concept this concept this concept this concept this concept this concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept this concept this concept this concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss entrepreneur Denis Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, Naville, who focused on I mean so like uh so so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean improving comfort, design, performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class S State Championship' for the the the the the the the the the the the past like okay you know you know so you know well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so 8 years, recently in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of two of two of two of two of two of two of two two two two two two two two two two two of two of two of two of the more famous converts included included included included included included included included included included included by Khulusi were: the Irish peer Rowland well so um okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German the German the German the German the German the German the German the the the the the the the the the the the German the German the German the German tank guns had neither the range nor the power of of of of of of of of of of of the 76 okay you know um uh um so uh uh like I mean mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm main gun of a KV - 1, and the narrower track width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic changes seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December (December (December (December (December (December (December (December (December (December (December 13, 1856 -- May 23, 1920) was I mean uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um so um okay an Austro - Hungarian field marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such as structural collapse, cost overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, overruns, and you know uh um so like you know um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like / or litigation reason, those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early October and peace between Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland Poland and Sweden I mean you know you know um well so well so like like like like like like like like like like like so could be established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he keeps his witnessing of Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Garret's murder so um you know like you know um okay uh you know uh to to to to to to to to to to to himself lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return for his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note this note this note this note this note this note this note this this this this this this this this this this this note this note this note this note will appear beneath the article's entry on the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers Institute of Technology in in in in in in in in in in in um so okay um you know um like you know so like Gothenburg in 1962 and and and and and and and and and and and a Ph. D. At d. At d. At d. At d. At d. At d d d d d d d d d d d. At d. At d. At d. At d. At the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently there has been a a a a a a a a a a a push towards okay uh like okay okay so like okay okay like other types types types types types types types types types types types of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 players drafted in the so so so so so so so so so so so uh like um okay um you know so I mean so National Basketball Association Association Association Association Association Association Association Association Association Association Association (NBA) while the women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based based based based based based based based based based based on her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the 15th (Scottish) Division, and and and and and and and and and and and despite navigation so like okay so well um uh you know uh um mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes which slowed down the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Wigger as the writers of like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean I mean like like well um so the UK's Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision entry, 'I'm Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year - long stay in Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, he okay um like so um you know um okay well um underwent secondary questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a 3. 73 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA in so like like okay well well well well I mean like 2011, a 3. 84 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 84 84 84 84 84 84 84 84 84 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words into the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; if the guest had had had had had had had had had had had received you know I mean um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean an 'empty door,' a taped response from the second second second second second second second second second second second person was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in the uterus can cause you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay um like okay um well well uh entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA the JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or or or or or or or or or or or Youth for Change and Action) is well so um well so like okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well aimed at reducing HIV transmission among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive behavior change in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very low skyline; with the advent of of of of of of of of of of of the skyscraper, residents were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th century, there were you you you you you you you you you you you know like well I mean well I mean I mean so like uh opportunities for for for for for for for for for for for female education in the medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned his practice; he okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know um I mean okay you know I mean was was was was was was was was was was was active in organizing the Republican Party in the state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role as a commentator on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay you know so well so uh uh motor sport, first at SBS TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon without T - mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, mat, those like okay so uh uh well uh you know uh okay responsible for the system turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed of 777, 000 French French French French French French French French French French French troops um well so you know you know okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay and 47, 000 colonial troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is a part of Palm okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like um uh like uh Beach County School District, and the other other other other other other other other other other other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 F. 2d 692 (Second like um um um um um um um um um um um well uh um like like uh you know well Cir. 1991), a contract case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing them to continue running uh so uh like uh well well so uh um in in in in in in in in in in in Abe's direction and they will only calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of the race of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and 1. 8 - litre litre litre litre litre litre litre litre litre litre litre and 2 I mean well I mean um okay well you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh. 0 - litre injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from from from from from from from from from from from okay so so so I mean okay um um okay like 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) like so um you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay well well okay Starship Trooper', is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 on on on on on on on on on on on 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found found found found found found found found found found found discarded in a ditch close okay um um uh okay you know so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a distance of from where she had been abducted, and just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, and the March of Dimes provides provides provides provides provides provides provides provides provides provides provides grants uh so okay okay I mean okay so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of $ 1, 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um I mean well um well okay uh radio was found in the the the the the the the the the the the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, a science and technology college, college, college, college, college, college, college, college, college, college, college, um um um you know you know so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh has now closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are ethnic Assyrian adherents of of of of of of of of of of of um um like okay I mean okay okay um like like the Chaldean Catholic Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, most of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 1899) was the favorite grandson of of of of of of of of of of of okay um um you know well okay I mean okay um um Cornelius Vanderbilt, who who who who who who who who who who who left him $ 5 million, and the eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved close to the front, like like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh I mean uh well like uh ready to exploit a breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough and had advanced on time, then bunched up well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you know so so um with the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew public interest in in in in in in in in in in in the I mean you know uh like uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like like band; given that they're pulling out all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central tower and a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um I mean uh um like I mean team led by Zelenka works works works works works works works works works works works to repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or finance a property, with with with with with with with with with with with the well I mean you know um um you know um so um okay buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer buyer / investor using as little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South Carolina are as follows: 824 824 824 824 824 824 824 824 824 824 824 you know so okay I mean well you know well you know so well receiving yards (6 touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on on on on on on on on on on on 7 um like well um okay well like um so so October 2016, where where where where where where where where where where where he stands accused of being a member of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 million tons, it is located so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like okay so I mean um in two main sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, sites, in northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons into combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, although the most well you know you know well okay well uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean popular choice is a storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out of Frank Lucas High School School School School School School School School School School School I mean so so okay like so like okay well like over his inability to to to to to to to to to to to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy roy roy roy roy roy roy roy roy roy roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April April April April April April April April April April April 1948) is an English football manager who I mean you know okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay I mean um was also a player, notably at Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - REE - yah) is located located located located located located located located located located located like you know you know so I mean uh I mean uh like so in in in in in in in in in in in the central Matale District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow Labour majority was eliminated due due due due due due due due due due due okay I mean okay like well uh you know you know okay well to by by by by by by by by by by by - election defeats and in order to remain in power, Labour formed the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is herman is herman is herman is herman is herman is herman is herman herman herman herman herman herman herman herman herman herman herman is herman is herman is herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to escape from Iran to the well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay like uh okay like like uh well United States, where he he he he he he he he he he he currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on August 19, 2013 after the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh well so okay uh okay like House began its second ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary session: so - and - so replaced Ferrer for um like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know um well okay like representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Dennis Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey like uh well uh like um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Cinema Research at The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre language, which is spoken uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like you know okay so like so so like in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island small island small island small island small island small island small island island island island island island island island island island island small island small island small island small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian you know so you know okay I mean um I mean I mean okay so professional ice hockey goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number the number the number the number the number the number the the the the the the the the the the the number the number the number the number the number must be unique and may may may may may may may may may may may not contain any information about the person to okay uh okay okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay uh whom it is assigned i. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern you know uh I mean so well okay you know I mean uh so Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia Slovakia (the settlement does not exist anymore and is not to be confused with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the operation and agrees with Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty Ty to get um like well okay well like so like like like the fuse Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses a wide range of of of of of of of of of of of secular Jewish well so you know okay um uh uh well uh like music, classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical classical works on Jewish themes and songs of many countries but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much to the worry of Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) Leo) well okay I mean um I mean um well so um um and relish in their their their their their their their their their their their new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and demonic priestess okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh I mean you know okay I mean trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce with the Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies um so well uh so okay like you know um like and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) around the campfire one one one one one one one one one one one okay so like like you know like so you know so so night, which which which which which which which which which which which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and and and and and and and and and and and Stuart Mullins, a one - night stand; uh well uh uh well so okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know she is brought up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African Campaign and so okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um like uh so so like ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb making material and newspaper uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, Westminster, the third son of John Horne, um you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like a poulterer in Newport Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean so um so so uh - area projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro Football Hall of Fame okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well well um uh okay um okay um and hosts the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, after this, after this, after this, after this, after this, after this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, after this, after this, after this, after this, Williams' version released another two two two two two two two two two two two albums of original material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, also known by its former name name name name name name name name name name name Hell's Gate, is the first town one reaches um okay uh so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean okay uh on the Caribbean island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in their second - innings, setting the Minor so like like like like like like like like like like like uh well okay uh like uh well um Counties a target of 362, the the the the the the the the the the the Minor Counties could only manage to make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an actual uh um um um um um um um um um um um well you know like so uh I mean so so NWA - affiliated promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they believed the defense's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like I mean uh well okay so well case, and that that that that that that that that that that that the prosecution had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in British India. Because of of of of of of of of of of of because of because of because of because of because of because of because of because of of of of of of of of of of of because of because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from December 26 to to to to to to to to to to to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from 30 to 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 days and the um well uh uh like okay um so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean litter size can vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- well I mean well okay so okay you know like okay so an intermediate - - - - - - - - - - - rail, automated guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, released in June 2001 (see like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um well I mean uh um you know okay 2001 in music), with a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha like like like like like like like like like like like okay so uh I mean uh uh you know uh you know - Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': the two works are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE MPs had defected to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know uh uh okay uh um well other parties due due due due due due due due due due due to internal conflict, including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Alain Jourgensen, so um um um um um um um um um um um so um you know okay like okay so like Paul Barker, and the late late late late late late late late late late late Jeff Ward, the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been preparing defenses for the um um um um um um um um um um um okay well like well um uh uh okay I mean attack, the operation would clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door next door next door next door next door next door next door door door door door door door door door door door next door next door next door next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a a a a a a a a a a a statue of Our Lady, okay like I mean so um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so overlooking the canal, donated by Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare and like like like um so I mean um okay um um in the social social social social social social social social social social social and economic factors contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from other species by an interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial interbrachial septum lacking a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story the story the story the story the story the story the the the the the the the the the the the story the story the story the story the story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing is jumping into action through a window, um um uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so so so well so well showing a woman is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant was the only known surviving okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know like uh like so you know like XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC XMC cruiser though a large number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked this marked this marked this marked this marked this marked this marked this marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked this marked this marked this marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against against against against against against against against against against against Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the uh um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um okay so okay 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the primitive condition and occurs in in in in in in in in in in in arachnids such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, okay you know you know well like um um you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 1970s, and 1980s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh you know like um well uh like Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for the army approaching despite you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh uh I mean um um um um rain in the north, the the the the the the the the the the the family longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received received received received received received received received received received received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will will will will will will will will will will will be released later than Tim I mean well I mean so okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well um okay Vrågård even though the sentences might not change as her sentence does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms -- when indeed we do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well like so you know uh like well well have it -- is is is is is is is is is is is of a higher order than knowledge of the mere physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Democratic Party, which later um so so um uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um well uh split from Koichi Kato, the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B. Gachanja, the latter having retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired retired in well okay so I mean um I mean well I mean like uh 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 after achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary School I mean uh well well well I mean I mean you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so and took up a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai narain roy well - known as as as as as as as as as as as dr. U. N. Roy, settled and okay uh well you know well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well uh spent his life here carring out researches in ancient history history history history history history history history history history history. His historical work on like you know you know uh like so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property presentation or property styling, um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean you know you know I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well the techniques have been televised by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings several buildings that were part of the former former former former former former former former former former former college campus are on the National Register I mean um well well you know so so so so so so so so so so so like um like well of Historic Places and are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( Jim Travers and Frank Coons, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh uh I mean I mean um um uh nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' Kids' ), builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was the second - highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest - you know like well you know uh you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know selling album of that year, and their biggest chart hit since since since since since since since since since since since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on 1on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army active in Shanxi and was like like like like like like like like like like like uh well okay so I mean so you know okay uh named the vice-commander of of of of of of of of of of of the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM the FM the FM the FM the FM the FM the FM the the the the the the the the the the the FM the FM the FM the FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive inexpensive wireless microphones sold as toys so well uh um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh for karaoke or similar purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and is an in demand harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica harmonica and I mean I mean like I mean uh well okay uh so so piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano teacher in NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at the Juilliard School under um okay like like like like like like like like like like like like um um um well you know um the tutelage of John Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, before relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her career; I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay um so you know like during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was appointed as Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's King of okay uh you know okay I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know Arms by King Juan Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of of of of of of of of of of of this game, and with the scores well well you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know well um okay like 1 - 0 he wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled in Pittsburgh Schenley at so so so so so so so so so so so well okay okay like okay you know I mean like you know the time of of of of of of of of of of of its closure will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long landing field and and and and and and and and and and and an um well you know like I mean um you know well like so so so so so so so so so so so apron with a capacity of seven aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where he develops a crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush I mean like um so I mean uh well like well well on Garnet before he he he he he he he he he he he was turned down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore I mean well uh I mean uh so like uh okay uh which led to him him him him him him him him him him him and his family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the operating system for malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc malloc and I mean so like well okay uh like okay um um other software software software software software software software software software software software with its own versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian computer scientist, a professor of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know like uh okay so okay I mean computer science at at at at at at at at at at at the University of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of Argentine football in in in in in in in in in in in 2000, he I mean you know like um you know um okay well like like like like like like like like like like like uh played for four different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von john von john von john von john von john von john von von von von von von von von von von von john von john von john von john von Neumann studied the properties of of of of of of of of of of of the group of equivalences that make a like like well so well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know so so paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body the body the body the body the body the body the body the the the the the the the the the the the body the body the body the body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, well well uh I mean um um um you know like like which is slated to to to to to to to to to to to be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed with a serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious fault with you know you know well you know I mean um okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so um a heart valve, which cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and there is normally a well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um like you know well well like you know so baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga the 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 locomotive of the okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so like okay um I mean okay so so USRA standard Mikado type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, type, inherited from Japan, and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was made, but the only only only only only only only only only only only member okay well um you know okay okay uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know of the band featured was Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released they released they released they released they released they released they released they released released released released released released released released released released released they released they released they released the photo book Dream & Drive made with their long time time time time time time time time time time time friend so um so okay like so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so and photographer Kenneth Capello, who has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn 13 - 8 in in in in in in in in in in in which the final was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the captives, which resulted in in in in in in in in in in in the okay like so I mean okay okay um like okay you know Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of Magdala, during which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the the the the the the the the the the the Indian National Congress was supported by so you know I mean uh well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay okay many Muslim scholars, leaders and the learned who who who who who who who who who who who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला कला कला कला कला कला कला कला कला कला कला so uh I mean so okay like I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean केन्द्र) is the premier government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students to earn an an an an an an an an an an an M. B so well well you know I mean um I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um so. , B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. ,B. S S S S S S S S S S S. Degree. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within the squad and soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon receive well you know okay um you know well uh uh okay uh a call call call call call call call call call call call - up to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved on to an like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay um uh you know like well NFL coaching career, career, career, career, career, career, career, career, career, career, career, beginning his coaching career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came to live in in in in in in in in in in in the New you know well okay I mean um you know uh like well um um um um um um um um um um um World where they intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at Lowdown At the so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean uh I mean uh so um Albany entitled Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of horizontal layers, but the strata strata strata strata strata strata strata strata strata strata strata has I mean you know like well like okay well like I mean uh been been been been been been been been been been been tilted associated with the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only goes to the so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like um uh I mean I mean so fair, but later on on on on on on on on on on on that night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first settled when the train train train train train train train train train train train station okay uh like um you know so so uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so was settled around and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was was was was was was was was was was was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is a good day to die die die die die die die die die die die well well so so well so okay uh um well ') is illustrated with with with with with with with with with with with a story explaining that' This is an extremely common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from the University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which David was born born born born born born born born born born born and holds a well I mean uh like so like okay like um um um um um um um um um um um um deed is now home to a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide a course of action, where um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay like so okay like so Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, well well you know okay well so so so um uh the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers a nervous breakdown at the car car car car car car car car car car car so like well uh okay um um uh so um wash in front of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born 24 October 1974 in London), I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well is the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated pedestrian walkway in North North North North North North North North North North North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, um I mean um so uh well I mean well um um and has 65 65 65 65 65 65 65 65 65 65 65 real estate offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied he studied he studied he studied studied studied studied studied studied studied studied studied studied studied he studied he studied he studied he studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy of Box Car Racer, as as as as as as as as as as as well as like um like I mean so okay um okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know drummer Atom Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a newly restored '60th Anniversary uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean okay I mean so uh I mean okay Edition', while while while while while while while while while while while also pairing this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from American University's School of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh so uh I mean like okay International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University of Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of Bourbon from birth, would would would would would would would would would would would eventually become um like you know well um like like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the Régent of France for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance his performance his performance his performance his performance his performance his performance his his his his his his his his his his his performance his performance his performance his performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the the the the the the the the the the the attention of director David Fincher, who subsequently cast I mean I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um well uh like I mean I mean Perry in his 2014 thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in the factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was young was young was young was young was young was young was young young young young young young young young young young young was young was young was young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de de de de de de de de de de de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline on May 5, 2012, and and and and and and and and and and and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect Thomas Fuller, who would leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave England well uh okay well okay you know you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know in 1845 for Antigua and then Canada where he would go on to design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at his performance media company Socialist you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um I mean you know well so you know like were being approached approached approached approached approached approached approached approached approached approached approached by small business community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand with ice cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; cream; instead, they make um okay you know so um so well so well you know shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes in automatic milkshake machines which freeze and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an an an an an an an an an an an American football coach and former player okay um you know I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay who is the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city of Liverpool and covers the the the the the the the the the the the you know so um um I mean so um so like um northeast of the city, including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had they had they had they had they had they had they they they they they they they they they they they had they had they had they had they had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who who who who who who who who who who who is currently a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field test agency of the the the the the the the the the the the Air Force well okay um so um like um I mean so okay Special Operations Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in Scotland by only half um um um um um um um um um um um like so well well so I mean um like well a mile, the distillery has one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces the pieces the pieces the pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied anthropology at the University uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean well um like uh so of Iowa where he he he he he he he he he he he attended on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December December December December December December December December December December December 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, two aligned along um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean so uh so uh you know an east - westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly westerly axis and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic relationship in the the the the the the the the the the the you know I mean like well uh okay uh like I mean like past, but he he he he he he he he he he he did want to marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used as a substitute for Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition Composition um I mean so you know well you know um I mean um so B B B B B B B B B B B in large general purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though this name has fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen out so okay like like so you know you know um um um of of of of of of of of of of of favour, and some biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a gold coin you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know uh okay uh okay well so you know called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of Inverness, Scotland, off I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh well you know like well uh you know know know know know know know know know know know the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang Phu were unable to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um okay I mean I mean you know well I mean return to to to to to to to to to to to Base Four before dark and were forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for troops among loyal uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay so well you know okay you know okay lords, and managed to get get get get get get get get get get get 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the adjacent municipalities of of of of of of of of of of of Carmen, Pagagawan, you know I mean okay um well you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so like Pikit and Matalam majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but after crowned All - - - - - - - - - - - American okay like um well uh well okay okay like um Superior and Miss Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright State of OHIO out of high school, she achieved a scholarship you know well like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well okay you know okay like to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by Canadian singer Shania Twain, it like like like like like like like like like like like well well okay okay uh uh you know like like was the tenth single released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack its attack its attack its attack its attack its attack its attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack its attack its attack its attack its attack and speed stats are good, and its special special special special special special special special special special special defense is above - average, I mean so okay okay you know um so well uh like like like like like like like like like like like making this a good Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his faction of the Prohibition Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, Party, which uh uh like um you know um so you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like split over perennial presidential nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story the story the story the story the story the story the story the story story story story story story story story story story story the story the story the story has been has received substantial media coverage; another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which was judged a okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know well um uh well well so you know split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist and well uh well well uh okay I mean well you know like author author author author author author author author author author author Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled in a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds of years it was was was was was was was was was was was greatly you know uh okay you know like uh like well okay um um um um um um um um um um um transformed in the 19th century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere so so so so so so so so so so so so you know well I mean okay I mean um so so of the the the the the the the the the the the structures as the section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed okay so uh like so okay like you know like like and occasionally fronting, during which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before the 2006 season, and the um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know well well okay I mean I mean um organizers were were were were were were were were were were were forced to modify the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the 2006 I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um okay um like um I mean you know um festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census and was drawn so as to to to to to to to to to to to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J. Mockridge; but in scenes involving involving involving involving involving involving involving involving involving involving involving Hallie's relationships well uh well so you know I mean so well okay well with Doniphon and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is a 2012 American horror film film film film film film film film film film film written and directed by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, and according to to to to to to to to to to to Nielsen you know you know I mean like uh uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um Media Research, the episode was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as as as as as as as as as as as officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had elevators with a cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut well so like well um okay I mean okay like okay - out out out out out out out out out out out for rudder movement and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean well like like um so on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor Bahru, Malaysia, you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well um um okay well uh um well and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a species of dogfish shark in in in in in in in in in in in so you know you know well uh you know um um um uh the family family family family family family family family family family family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the factory was turned over to to to to to to to to to to to produce you know well like well um okay you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left he left he left he left he left he left he he he he he he he he he he he left he left he left he left he left to live in the Himalayas in in in in in in in in in in in Badrinath and kept a very low profile you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well well um uh okay um and, after many years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena Sena and got very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking they are essentially the okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well um uh like um okay same: each noun (or adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) was the head head head head head head head head head head head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, which includes three so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean I mean like um so you know weeks of of of of of of of of of of of drive - time interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - scale fighting during the the the the the the the the the the the you know you know so I mean um uh like um um um first first first first first first first first first first first Battle of Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that Phil did not wipe you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay uh okay uh so you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know the fingerprints off the items, and Jay believes he will also be implicated, which which which which which which which which which which which he is, as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - keith - keith - keith - keith - keith - - - - - - - - - - - keith - keith - keith - keith - keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay um okay so like you know okay of the park at at at at at at at at at at at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or going going going going going going going going going going going overseas especially to um okay you know well okay okay so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so the Middle East and Europe, dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by this marriage she had had had had had had had had had had had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in New York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw as too theoretical and he uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh um so I mean you know like I mean was generally on bad terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is a good mix of residential residential residential residential residential residential residential residential residential residential residential properties, approximately half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) became flustered when the uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh um I mean like so so aircraft sank faster than than than than than than than than than than than anticipated; the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do not take account of of of of of of of of of of of well um I mean uh um well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay factors such as soil structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved ready to challenge for the you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh well uh so uh you know well well European Cup, eliminating teams like like like like like like like like like like like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have as much as one um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like so so okay like okay well uh - third of the the the the the the the the the the the floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as an avid collector of of of of of of of of of of of former racing so I mean so I mean I mean um okay uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so vehicles, and his coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and new Dakota pilots received only ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad - uh so so like I mean uh like I mean you know you know hoc instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction on the type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, but a grander grander grander grander grander grander grander grander grander grander grander destination was planned for okay okay well like I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know the deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became bent became bent became bent became bent became bent became bent became became became became became became became became became became became bent became bent became bent became bent became a more peripheral figure in his his his his his his his his his his his second season at Everton where he so like okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh well was regularly used as back up for new signing James Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie Beattie in January 2006, like I mean well I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so um it was announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in the maintenance of circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian rhythms um okay um like um I mean um like well so in mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, mammals, and its role in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW the BMW the BMW the BMW the BMW the BMW the BMW the the the the the the the the the the the BMW the BMW the BMW the BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf you know um um okay well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so & Country Club in Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the inter-county scene at the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well I mean like okay uh uh like you know age of sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to instantly jump to that location; location; location; location; location; location; location; location; location; location; location; you know well uh um well I mean well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean however, the mini-map does not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared with the 1973 versions due due due due due due due due due due due to I mean well like like you know um I mean um like um the newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly required 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering the fact uh so like you know well I mean okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh that a majority of the population, who arguably subscribe to naïve common sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the best hand against against against against against against against against against against against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used by Native like um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know okay so I mean um so um Siberians at the time; the the the the the the the the the the the breed came to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh I mean like uh you know you know well along with with with with with with with with with with with the 'Émile - Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and vader and vader and vader and vader and vader and vader and and and and and and and and and and and vader and vader and vader and vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns learns that Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS the single was named the most okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean like you know you know so okay I mean played song song song song song song song song song song song on Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is an affiliate of Jefferson well well well well well well well well well well well so uh okay um okay okay I mean I mean like Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an extra one, then realizes his his his his his his his his his his his uh well like um you know I mean like you know so well mistake, but Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed says no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the first to adopt the the the the the the the the the the the council - manager form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a a a a a a a a a a a team like so I mean I mean so well like you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean within the Central Hockey League (CHL), and was recognized for his on and off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer standard and like its sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister well uh um I mean I mean well so you know uh okay specification (DVB - - - - - - - - - - - H) uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median the median the median the median the median the median the median the the the the the the the the the the the median the median the median the median income for a household in the city is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based on cooperation on many issues in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay well I mean like you know okay uh international forums, a a a a a a a a a a a strong commitment to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in the middle of the performing performing performing performing performing performing performing performing performing performing performing area you know like so okay um you know well like like you know because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run by the London Borough like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean so uh um so um I mean of Ealing, the Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was secretary of the British British British British British British British British British British British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by splitting off Ontario okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay um okay you know okay um you know County; in 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of as of as of as of as of as of as of as as as as as as as as as as as of as of as of as of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets under under under under under under under under under under under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the original arc was about about about about about about about about about about about Jane okay I mean um so so like um uh well okay Doe's inner life, struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling to get out of the situation she is trapped in, noting that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had russia had russia had russia had russia had russia had russia had russia russia russia russia russia russia russia russia russia russia russia had russia had russia had russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the the the the the the the the the the the Turks during the Russo - um you know you know you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean well Turkish War in 1877, when it was incorporated into the militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily administered Kars I mean okay so I mean um you know uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay Oblast, and it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting in 1957, which which which which which which which which which which which um um okay well uh I mean um okay well well later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and one eighth and finished second second second second second second second second second second second like uh you know well you know well um I mean well like again, this time to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the the the the the the the the the the the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the Rozelle Tram Depot, the the the the the the the the the the the line, okay like you know uh uh well um uh so so after departing the depot travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center in Atlanta to uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay um well support the Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man the man the man the man the man the man the man man man man man man man man man man man the man the man the man the man who has the record for most Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints rolled in one minute is actually um uh you know you know well um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well so a 15 year old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population the population the population the population the population the population the population the the the the the the the the the the the population the population the population the population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers of the World miners' um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well um uh well you know um uh strike which led to over 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they when they when they when they when they when they they they they they they they they they they they when they when they when they when they when they are saying goodnight on her porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, he gets the courage to ask you know like well okay okay okay well um um um um um um um um um um um uh um if he can see her again and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air pollution until she left the school school school school school school school school school school school okay um um you know like you know like like so okay in 1977, becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on the soundtrack for the well like so so so so so so so so so so so well okay like I mean you know uh okay 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which which which which which which which which which which which starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog Fancier' contained notes and display display display display display display display display display display display ads well you know I mean okay like I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well from McEvoy and Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great War, August 1914 she she she she she she she she she she she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for the Persian Gulf in I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well like like like um okay support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above the above the above the above the above the above the above above above above above above above above above above above the above the above the above the above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for for for for for for for for for for for Natives under the terms so so you know so so like well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean of the Crown - in - right - of - - - - - - - - - - - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to an Alpha dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon called um so uh well um you know you know I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a Bewilderbeast, who can control all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal his maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West West West West West West West West West West West Glamorgan Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine like okay I mean um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or Hindustan Airport, was like like like like like like like like like like like um um like I mean I mean well okay like well a domestic and international airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport airport serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving surviving English well so well so I mean um like so like okay churches are are are are are are are are are are are of Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as a Weatherman, did put put put put put put put put put put put a okay like you know um like okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean bit of a strain on her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and is based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast in 3DTV on in um so so so so so so so so so so so well uh so um you know okay uh okay Las Vegas, was first first first first first first first first first first first broadcast in January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know you know I mean you know well A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer - shell and and and and and and and and and and and 100 well well I mean so I mean I mean okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so % down proof nylon lining, and are down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in 1887, and while some some some some some some some some some some some believed like uh um okay uh well like um so okay he used it to pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford Bedford so so I mean okay like well so uh I mean uh county, Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: Virginia: she is best known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal its signal its signal its signal its signal its signal its signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal its signal its signal its signal its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan metropolitan area across the international border you know I mean well so like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like in the United States, and therefore is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 when he created uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like so well you know um so a new society to to to to to to to to to to to invite the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so okay like so so I mean Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and and and and and and and and and and and early 20th centuries, when Southern states well like well I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um changed their constitutions and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, having regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 he was presented with the Smith - Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community development, allowing cocoa farmers to to to to to to to to to to to I mean um um so um okay you know okay like like increase product product product product product product product product product product product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and assess sites of disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, although on 7 November, No No No No No No No No No No No. 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron 28 Squadron uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um um well I mean was transferred to Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting place for young artists but but but but but but but but but but but um you know so okay you know okay I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um by the end of the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the westbound carriageway of the A14 you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like so I mean okay okay so so between Girton and Histon an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in 1947, but desiring to I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay like you know I mean um you know uh so move move move move move move move move move move move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy to a remote field in um um um um um um um um um um um um okay like well um well I mean okay well Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was released in Fall 1985, um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so um uh okay okay well and details Ayla's personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal growth as she learns to cope with a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' is you know I mean well well you know like so so um like not related related related related related related related related related related related to cashew -- an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay so I mean well okay I mean so so may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the war he returned to the Treasury and in in in in in in in in in in in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in order to replace and I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like so like okay well so like well retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets trainsets which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, so like you know know know know know know know know know know know um um so uh I mean well you know will double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская (Императорская Академия художеств) okay like okay um like okay uh okay um so between 1891 and 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 and was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish their forests, large demands for for for for for for for for for for for like like so okay like like you know well well um paper lead to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners that continued to work in the the the the the the the the the the the well okay so you know well uh so well I mean like American Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the plane of Zendikar that uses the raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw energy of her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 April 1916 -- 19 April April April April April April April April April April April 2007) was the second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh like like I mean well okay uh recorded at Channel One One One One One One One One One One One and played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 - credit liberal arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts uh uh so you know I mean okay okay okay um I mean courses at Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard with at least a B grade, and maintain a minimum uh okay um uh um um um um um um um um um um um so like so okay well 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is a Cuban - American actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress like um okay like you know so okay well um well best known for for for for for for for for for for for her portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his his his his his his his his his his his funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral was attended by over 100, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 people and there was widespread I mean okay you know I mean well um well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean so sadness at his death; he was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to market; this not not not not not not not not not not not only brought about uh so like well you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like transfer of the transportation from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented the Group Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Policy uh okay uh um you know uh um like um um um um um um um um um um um um for the needy 22, 450 families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a a a a a a a a a a a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to Whitesboro, Texas, he like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so uh like so uh chose to remain remain in Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Territory, where he supported himself by working a variety of odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) 1955) is the son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a with a with a with a with a with a with a a a a a a a a a a a with a with a with a with a guard's compartment in the centre and and and and and and and and and and and two large areas either side for you know uh like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay so well storing luggage they were a very versatile type of coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach and could be found all like I mean you know uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh over the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo the Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich from the 1970s and I mean like I mean I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like early 1980s of the same name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a paper - and - - - - - - - - - - - pencil test; since uh so like like like uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay January 27, 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and food and food and food and food and food and food and food food food food food food food food food food food and food and food and food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured he toured he toured he toured he toured he toured he he he he he he he he he he he toured he toured he toured he toured he toured with Dead Can Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance Dance in the nineties but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was the most famous, after being being being being being being being being being being being fired okay well like uh so like I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know from the Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit RAF, the site well so so so so so so so so so so so so okay well like I mean uh you know uh was renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed renamed St George'sBarracks and went on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the the the the the the the the the the the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus thus thus thus thus thus thus thus thus thus thus classified as a machine gun well so well okay well like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know by the United States and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long been an outspoken critic of of of of of of of of of of of bans on online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type known as C. F. I I I I I I I I I I I. T well I mean I mean I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean. (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) Terrain) and that there were no defects with the aircraft or its okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know I mean so so uh systems which contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed contributed to the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar the famous elder and like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay so um well you know okay so like businesman, he was was was was was was was was was was was born in Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, I mean so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay okay uh his young brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE under the ring name Simon Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, um like I mean so um you know I mean I mean um like where where where where where where where where where where where he held the NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun professionally in 1973, Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung well well okay well like uh so like okay you know established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her work as Editor - in in in in in in in in in in in - you know I mean um like okay so you know like so so so so so so so so so so so um Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) was a businessman, office office office office office office office office office office office well like um well well um so so so like holder, justice of the the the the the the the the the the the peace, and politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March 5, 1982 ) was an an an an an an an an an an an American well well so you know like okay I mean um well you know know know know know know know know know know know comedian, actor, and musician, best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA and PhD from Princeton you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um um um I mean I mean I mean I mean uh University in in in in in in in in in in in 1963 and 1972 respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present - day town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the lower Mississippi River, especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially um like you know I mean I mean so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean in the aftermath of the Ohio River flood of 1937, as research had had had had had had had had had had had shown that 4 % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was too embarrassed to be seen with with with with with with with with with with with well so you know so okay so like okay okay so him, and this incident incident incident incident incident incident incident incident incident incident incident went on to mar his first day at the school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they spend public money this this this this this this this this this this this um like like so well so um like um okay is why democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- 20 Havoc light bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers by well uh I mean um uh okay you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh installing four machine guns in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, uh okay so well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so BIOTEC became one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph left joseph left the family business and received received received received received received received received received received received his B. A. From Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston College, started um okay so so so so so so so so so so so well well so uh um so so working as a bond trader at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve the reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval bridges and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used she used she used she used she used she used she used she used used used used used used used used used used used she used she used she used it to burst out of the tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, tanker, destroying any White Whale members that were near, and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American Latin scholar, born uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know okay I mean I mean like I mean uh at Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Mass. , and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and educated at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door and no cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold steel up a like I mean um so um well uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh driver's leg but the petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is not acceptable to delete information from an article because because because because because because because because because because because it spoils the plot okay like I mean uh uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well if that would interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a well well well well well well well well well well well okay well uh you know you know okay okay uh okay top 10 hit in in in in in in in in in in in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins and a photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock Rock' and later included in in in in in in in in in in in King's like so you know you know um well well well uh um um um um um um um um um um um collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple on a road trip in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves alma alma alma alma alma alma alma alma alma alma alma reserves alma reserves alma reserves her life to manage day - to - day day day day day day day day day day day tasks in well uh well so I mean you know okay so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well the house, and be a 24 hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed the previous constitution's statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement statement okay okay so okay um uh so I mean like um that Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius was the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure set into the hill, with you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know you know so I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh a frame board and batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in programs in programs in programs in programs in programs in programs in in in in in in in in in in in programs in programs in programs in programs in the ROM modules could be called called called called called called called called called called called from a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners are free to leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave well so so so uh uh well so okay well through the one available exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, I finally, I finally, I finally, I got my first computer when I was was was was was was was was was was was 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, um well so well like I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well inspiron 1525, two and an half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, but in June 2005, you you you you you you you you you you you know like um like um I mean okay well well uh 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, a post he has held held held held held held held held held held held since 1984, and was chairman of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu and daughter of Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Kusakabe and his I mean I mean like like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well wife and later Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located located located located located located located located located located located east I mean well you know like like well so I mean you know uh of of of of of of of of of of of the Chattahoochee River, which would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for Altria, as although Marlboro is by by by by by by by by by by by well well well okay so well uh uh like like far the most popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive the the the the the the the the the the the Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films in some theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, theaters, and they can I mean um you know so well so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like like be used to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish as purely an issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue of um well um well well uh like okay so well syllable structure is that that that that that that that that that that that the language has undergone various phonetic changes due to which I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh so so so you know you know okay not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department of Health, Flavier went to I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean um okay okay okay like um like serve village folk in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought for reassurance, however however however however however however however however however however however febrile seizures well um you know well uh well uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know are not harmful, do not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first the first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first church on the site was dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to St Peter and described as well I mean like okay uh so um so so so so so so so so so so so well um the Church of Westleigh in Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring her most well - you you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know like you know like you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know known role - although they also speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was also a controversial production, as its stories were were were were were were were were were were were partly based on like well I mean I mean you know okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean real people and events, and several years passed before it was adapted from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean okay so uh I mean so I mean a play performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, in 1964, a broad swathe was cut through through through through through through through through through through through this small forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the most basic of the the the the the the the the the the the CDC family of profiles hackedis a set of well like okay uh like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like so so Java APIs tuned for low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), its like well okay you know I mean uh uh uh so like 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6. 0 litre W12 engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has has has has has has has has has has has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main the main the main the main the main the main the main the the the the the the the the the the the main the main the main the main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the before the before the before the before the before the before the the the the the the the the the the the before the before the before the before the founding of Russellville, a a a a a a a a a a a small town located on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a teenager and had I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean okay so well okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building the building the building the building the building the building the building the the the the the the the the the the the building the building the building the building was then turned into a a a a a a a a a a a railway heritage centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, like like like like like like like like like like like well so okay I mean you know you know um like okay England, on the Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation with a number you you you you you you you you you you you know well so like you know so well you know so you know of Shanghai's authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative philatelic experts and philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from other people to to to to to to to to to to to the ocean, um you know well I mean so okay uh well um like is is is is is is is is is is is among the most famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P h. P h. P h. P h. P h. P h. P h. P P P P P P P P P P P h. P h. P h. P is also a character in the video game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of Owari han, he served as uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well you know uh I mean um okay you know chamberlain during World World World World World World World World World World World War II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling him of the burnt train train train train train train train train train train train okay I mean well like so well like like you know well containing the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then then then then then then then then then then then carvalho then carvalho then carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on a a a a a a a a a a a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a flying disc, especially over long distances: its its its its its its its its its its its okay okay okay um uh well I mean you know okay um low profile profile profile profile profile profile profile profile profile profile profile can make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know uh okay well I mean uh and other new new new new new new new new new new new features such as the ability to hire two henchman at once and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a piece of broomstick from so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh well so well I mean you know you know his car, he choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA Division so so so like uh okay so like so you know I men's basketball season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, took place on March 5, 2008 as a single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West Point market will move move move move move move move move move move move to you know um okay well well uh okay so um I mean the of of of of of of of of of of of WTVA; before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are they are they are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are known to lurk in in in in in in in in in in in crevices among rocky debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the in the in the in the 19th century an oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial oficial archetectural survey declared the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was planned to be um like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh I mean like uh so presentation of the CD, release date date date date date date date date date date date was deelayed up to the May, 2006, well so I mean like well you know know know know know know know know know know know well so so you know because of the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass guitar and session okay like um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay well uh I mean well work, performing with Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five five five five five five five five five five five core CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is best known for writing about security issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues for the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix like uh uh you know so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay 'blog, which he founded in March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice choice was going to okay like well you know I mean um um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like do something 'too glossy' and wanted to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) was an American lawyer and and and and and and and and and and and like okay so so like I mean okay so you know so politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician politician who was New York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file system of OS X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, HFS Plus, so well well so well okay well um you know I mean saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying it is 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was was was was was was was was was was was I mean so like uh well okay I mean well like uh a Stunt director, Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again invited to perform at the well well well well well well well well well well well um uh so so um okay I mean you know okay Montreal Jazz Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest Fest. In December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one the one the one the one the one the one the one the one one one one one one one one one one one the one the one the one hundredth running of the annual event was held in in in in in in in in in in in 2009; it was okay okay okay well uh you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate the Directorate - General for Energy and Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport Transport (DG TREN), in operation since 1 January you know well uh okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean you know okay 2000, was created by merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee - house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was of relatively little consequence in um like well well well well well well well well well well well um okay you know you know like okay so the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is sayner is sayner is sayner is sayner is sayner is sayner is sayner is is is is is is is is is is is sayner is sayner is sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary in 1974, and on uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay I mean well you know um so completion of the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married she married she married she married she married she married married married married married married married married married married married she married she married she married she married she married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist radiologist in 1905, and moved to Canada, but he um like um um like okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um died of cancer and she returned to Britain and obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained a post at the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his album 'Yours Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' Truly' and in 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted to extinction within the first like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh you know so okay I mean I mean like year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to spend the day drinking you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so you know I mean you know um okay like you know in in in in in in in in in in in the local pub. As a as a as a as a as as as as as as as as as as as a as a as a as a as a as a as a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps is a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay you know like well I mean organization that has a Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates root exudates root exudates root exudates root exudates root exudates root exudates root root root root root root root root root root root exudates root exudates root exudates root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a a a a a a a a a a a liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to affect hyphal growth. Spores of of of of of of of of of of of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon acommon belief in in in in in in in in in in in this community is that true features would last longer (this is the meaning of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in 1918, the county county county county county county county county county county county continued to exist like so so like uh you know uh you know so well well well well well well well well well well well in Czechoslovakia, but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing a paper in 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The like I mean okay like well you know well like uh so Entomologist' on the the the the the the the the the the the purple vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often referred to simply as as as as as as as as as as as so okay well so okay you know so uh like uh Paramount) is an American American American American American American American American American American American film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in Seoul) is a okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay okay uh okay I mean um South Korean actor, best known for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found he found he found he found he found he found he found he he he he he he he he he he he found he found he found he found that they were a hit worse than the the the the the the the the the the the titanic, so he like like okay okay so I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay worked with a Dallas company to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in the game, okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay I mean so uh you know um uh including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in in in in in in in in in in in addition in addition in addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had had had had had had had had had had had some roles in mainstream film um um um I mean um um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know um and television, including guest appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a cruel remark Stephen has has has has has has has has has has has overheard Mulligan you know uh uh you know so so like well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well making about his recently deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor during the Battle of the Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, Blackwater, and well well uh um well uh so like uh so the sight of of of of of of of of of of of what seemed to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies as son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Grant & Co in 1845 giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving so you know like uh um uh you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know Augusta a rail link to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything else, including the the the the the the the the the the the Nimitz's strike like I mean so okay I mean like you know well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh aircraft, ran on a 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a synonym of 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott Stevens, and Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Ready For you know um uh like okay uh so um you know well This This This This This This This This This This This by 2 Unlimited is used as the game's main theme (for the PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's the one he takes after after after after after after after after after after after. Charlotte is fearless and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV 15) is is is is is is is is is is is a small Public - okay so okay so um okay like um uh uh access television cable TV station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was previously convicted of four counts counts counts counts counts counts counts counts counts counts counts I mean well uh like okay um um well so well of risk of of of of of of of of of of of injury to a minor, or impairing the morals of a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently is single and holds intense anger towards I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean like you know well you know so like well well well well well well well well well well well Richard for ruining their wedding, and also became furious to learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns who consequently began began began began began began began began began began began I mean um okay okay so like okay well so okay a long long long long long long long long long long long study of what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought she sought she sought she sought she sought she sought she sought sought sought sought sought sought sought sought sought sought sought she sought she sought she sought she sought a place for him to to to to to to to to to to to avoid fighting in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is kaif is kaif is kaif is kaif is kaif is kaif is is is is is is is is is is is kaif is kaif is kaif is kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of of of of of of of of of of of brands ( including Slice, like uh I mean like um well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury I mean so I mean like like well you know so so you you you you you you you you you you you know Quaye. To foster to foster to foster to foster to foster to foster to to to to to to to to to to to foster to foster to foster to foster to foster the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing while writing while writing while writing while writing while writing while while while while while while while while while while while writing while writing while writing while writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', he was working on the screenplay for the um so like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well so uh film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt pratt first pratt first pratt first pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 in 2009, following the death of his you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh so so like um father earlier that year, and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as as as as as as as as as as as noted as noted as noted as noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for for for for for for for for for for for Gilbert to co-star with her, and so so um uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um you know he received a new seven - year contract with MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM as a result, but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have urged Gaines to include um um um um um um um um um um um like um um okay um well I mean so like advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus indicates that the Roman you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um uh I mean uh well uh uh okay institution of slavery began with with with with with with with with with with with Romulus giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and attended the University like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um so like I mean uh so well of Arizona State, where where where where where where where where where where where she was the starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly he he he he he he he he he he he certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between Cullowhee and Waynesville, while while while while while while while while while while while there so so you know like like so I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is a construction permit for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the at the at the at the at the at the at the the the the the the the the the the the at the at the at the at the age of 13 he read Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Thomas's Elpis Israel and was subsequently baptised in um okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh well like okay I mean um 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to live with her Uncle and his um well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well um you know um like like two wives (New Aunt and and and and and and and and and and and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme on a journey like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um well I mean like um you know back from Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, and had the island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been new browsers coming onto the the the the the the the the the the the scence, okay um so um you know like you know you know so like many many many many many many many many many many many of these are open source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located on Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York Athletic Club and focused on making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general in general in general in general in general in general in general general general general general general general general general general general in general in general in general in general it avoids human contact, but one one one one one one one one one one one fatality is reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of the venue was started, new side like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well well like uh okay you know well like sectors with roof covers covers covers covers covers covers covers covers covers covers covers were built and the media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to dive into the exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting and I mean well like um uh uh okay okay so uh ever - changing world world world world world world world world world world world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which time it was discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered uh you know you know you know um okay I mean um so uh that that that that that that that that that that that in addition to his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received he received he received he received he received he received he received he received received received received received received received received received received received he received he received he received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter - final match you know you know well well um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay against Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their banners Pawan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Creative Works uh well uh I mean like so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like um and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. In association in association in association in association in in in in in in in in in in in association in association in association in association in association in association in association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at at at at at at at at at at at unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise and Japanese air you know okay so okay um like I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay forces could not muster a counter-attack, the enemy knew that the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American War Mothers, also known as as as as as as as as as as as the you know um I mean so well I mean okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like like Gold Star Mothers because their display of a flag with a blue star star star star star star star star star star star for I mean I mean like like okay so so uh uh so a son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use him him him him him him him him him him him in a plot to so um um um uh um um so so so so so so so so so so so so well conquer the Savage Land; after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp you know you know okay uh I mean okay I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know so in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's Anglican Church is is is is is is is is is is is you know uh you know you know um like um you know well um an an an an an an an an an an an Anglican Church within the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had had had had had had had had had had had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he is amazed by her broken um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay um like well um so spirit and and and and and and and and and and and whatever he does to torture her does not demoralise her as she like well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know you know you know so like is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body the body the body the body the body the body the body body body body body body body body body body body the body the body the body the body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box - section section section section section section section section section section section chassis with torsion - bar okay so uh okay um okay um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh suspension on all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, this variant had been been been been been been been been been been been specifically okay well I mean well um well like okay so well designed for for for for for for for for for for for the dual - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one of Canada's most like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know I mean so you know um like successful alternative rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock bands in the 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading series of shut downs and and and and and and and and and and and I mean you know like okay well so well uh you know I mean a a a a a a a a a a a major regional blackout, such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of Beaujolais, and the the the the the the the the the the the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that were sold to either I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so well um I mean uh like so um individuals or to to to to to to to to to to to the corporations of an entire industry, while the railroads at the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation for the first assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly so well uh you know like well I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of the Virginia Convention and it considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused they accused they accused they accused they accused they accused they accused they they they they they they they they they they they accused they accused they accused they accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse of power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early early early early early early early early early early early well like so you know well like uh so so you know childhood on the the the the the the the the the the the east coast of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service freight service freight service freight service freight service freight service freight service freight freight freight freight freight freight freight freight freight freight freight service freight service freight service freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there there there there there there there there there there there is some, especially in okay um okay um you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean Berkeley Heights. There the usual once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an American singer - I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh like well um uh well songwriter who is is is is is is is is is is is best known for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the fruit vendors. Several people several people people people people people people people people people people people several people several people several people several people several people several people several people several several several several several several several several several several several people several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when sea levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels were much lower I mean so well uh well well like uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well - the analysis of stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know like okay so um I mean like 60s the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her stage name Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Luli Bitri, I mean so I mean well you know you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay is an Albanian Actress, often cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design of an internal combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion combustion engine so I mean okay okay you know so so well you know like which in in in in in in in in in in in one embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated with fetal you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like uh well okay um well you know okay anomalies that impairs the the the the the the the the the the the ability of the fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Humbard purchased the building as as as as as as as as as as as part of uh you know uh I mean you know like like um um um um um um um um um um um you know like a nondenominational Bible college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with RCA Records Nashville that year; year; year; year; year; year; year; year; year; year; year; okay like I mean you know well well um you know um um between between between between between between between between between between between 1986 and 1990, they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a large species of South like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well so like like um I mean uh American chinchilla rats, known known known known known known known known known known known from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed acting under the influence influence influence influence influence influence influence influence influence influence influence of Jacko you know I mean I mean so so well well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like Argyle, and that the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in born in born in born born born born born born born born born born born in born in born in born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as both started singing at Sunday so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like uh um well okay you know you know I mean school and through through through through through through through through through through through basic education and also performing in various high schools and participating at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving after after after after after after after after after after after leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving St. George, I - 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 continues northeast and passes through the northern part so um uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like well well well I mean okay of the city of Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with the 'Those Once Loyal' album, like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean so well um um uh uh um they will be be be be be be be be be be be indefinitely postponing the recording of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the Eastern Front including including including including including including including including including including including Battle of um uh like okay like I mean okay you know well I mean Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself - by the early like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like so uh uh well 1960s the population population population population population population population population population population population exceeded the 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War II uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well so you know like like I mean I mean population), and by by by by by by by by by by by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean I mean okay so uh well so in in in in in in in in in in in January 1941; and she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm of the Class A-Advanced you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean like so so I mean okay uh uh California League setting single single single single single single single single single single single - season club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established notions and hierarchies in Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan uh you know um so you know okay you know okay you know well from from from from from from from from from from from its earliest years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 record from 2015; however, they so uh okay so like I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know like so suffered a second consecutive 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in a trashed - hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel so um so I mean I mean well okay um okay okay - room room room room room room room room room room room incident; he and two members of Selena y Los Dinos were so like so okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know like well um I mean intoxicated and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book the book the book the book the book the book the book book book book book book book book book book book the book the book the book the book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, Shop, well okay like uh uh okay I mean uh uh okay was a small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive males males males males males males males males males males males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites to establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block owned by Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork County Council um so so okay well so um so well uh and housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing housing its administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - - - - - - - - - - - dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship with Carol, as she believes she okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so you know like uh uh I mean I mean has the the the the the the the the the the the perfect relationship with him and reveals that she is imitating her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this during this during this during this during this during this during this during during during during during during during during during during during this during this during this during this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles for for for for for for for for for for for her pain pills and Wolfe well um you know I mean um um so um um um um um um um um um um um um um seeing this later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down and damaged the Fermi 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 uh well uh you know you know uh well uh well you know generator generator generator generator generator generator generator generator generator generator generator building and forced an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind of needles, uh well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um well okay so you know uh the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on to new levels, which means means means means means means means means means means means you know uh you know um so like so okay you know like that the the the the the the the the the the the complexity and level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and aged between 18 and 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; 23; it so um you know so well you know uh uh okay well can have have have have have have have have have have have harmful effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races races races races races races races races races races races uh you know well uh you know you know so you know like okay on both both both both both both both both both both both dirt and turf that today are Grade 1 events and in the U. S S S S S S S S S S S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number of prior criminal convictions, the the the the the the the the the the the oldest I mean uh so um well well um okay I mean um conviction was criminal damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following the following the following the following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following following following following following the following the following the following season he went on to play twentyone games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, games, scoring fifteen goals for the um okay you know uh uh like um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well North Wales club before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta even not knowing the language and to to to to to to to to to to to like you know okay uh okay um I mean so uh you know live live live live live live live live live live live the Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, then faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she founded and was president of of of of of of of of of of of uh you know like so um like I mean okay well you know the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Parks Association, a group that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from from from from from from from from from from from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by multiple Native American cultures, with with with with with with with with with with with the style of pipe, materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she began began began began began began began began began began began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear cause but is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured it featured it featured it featured it featured it featured it featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured it featured it featured it featured it featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay okay uh you know you know so well you know know know know know know know know know know know 'Inocybe erubescens', though was widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being 28 stories tall, though the tower tower tower tower tower tower tower tower tower tower tower so I mean you know well so um okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean / observation deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, where her parents you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so uh well um well okay okay I mean decided to separate; she and her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability the availability the availability the availability the availability the availability the availability the availability availability availability availability availability availability availability availability availability availability availability the availability the availability the availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, is a two - year okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like um so I mean well okay well campus of the University of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, as well as interested well well well well well well well well well well well so you know okay well well you know you know uh like laymen, and posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously continues to do so through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods after examining shell mounds well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well so um uh okay well on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning approaches, including lecture, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, hands - like okay uh um you know okay well um you know well on activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, activities, projects, cases, internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was this was this was this was this was this was this was this this this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the battle but takes long long long long long long long long long long long um like you know well well I mean like okay okay like time to reach as he forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship management companies operated in in in in in in in in in in in um you know you know you know like like like well well well Monaco and and and and and and and and and and and is the current Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, result in disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, disqualification, also called um like okay um I mean you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so a 'no score,' which prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood -- 'something that could so so so so so so so so so so so like um you know uh I mean I mean okay well uh never, ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever possibly destroy us' -- and the destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and perform on stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area area area area area area area area area area area in the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, to the house his his his his his his his his his his his daughter, Emily Booth, um like you know uh like I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay so had built some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the third attempt; the resulting you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean um okay okay uh like um uh great field position led led led led led led led led led led led to Iowa taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the gold was depleted and that I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so okay uh like okay like okay so Rhodes' primary aim was to settle settle settle settle settle settle settle settle settle settle settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after like you know um well uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well that and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a marble - topped bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar counter, and so well well like like you know uh so okay like altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether altogether 50 different types of marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters so um uh like like like like like like like like like like like um okay um um okay well supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee like so uh well okay like well uh well well and was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most popular warrior among the Early Early Early Early Early Early Early Early Early Early Early okay well so um like like uh uh you know so Pandyas, winning a battle at Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker Gertude Athony well uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh so I mean okay like okay okay observed the nearby village of Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy Kadıköy being systematically looted and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress and voice actress who who who who who who who who who who who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
