In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm like well form form form of digital image processing in which the the the image resolution, or like like amount of detail, detail, detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision decision decision like like - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental mental mental model, of a so well complex and evolving task situation, situation, situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del okay um um um Rei, Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of I I I mean um Friars Minor and solidified itself as a a a like um benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms uh uh uh so Park and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park Park Park for like like the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, matches, matches, while the 2010 match okay you know will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is the world's largest retail property group by by by equity uh so market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian you know know know um film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika utkal Deepika utkal Deepika owed its birth to the the the upsurge um um of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered covered covered by two um okay side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, composition, composition, 'Epic Love' onto so okay YouTube in 2008; the the the video, featuring extensive use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, Octagon, Octagon, well I mean and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a a a permanent spot on KZZP okay okay okay okay on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second second second okay so US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and and and performed well you know it as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October I mean mean mean you know 2007 but he now works for for for Human Rights Watch in you know um New York City, City, City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 um um um um localities located at a maximum distance of of of from the I mean uh city, and with with with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners prisoners prisoners like um who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it it it I mean uh is possessed, the father finally makes makes makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center center center I mean um of the seaport town of of of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza okay like Province, the Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered to I mean like like like be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later the later the later deposits from the Tertiary, Tertiary, Tertiary, however, are of you know so lesser importance, with with with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer dealer dealer Latif, so uh Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the the the prison, kidnaps um okay his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda get get get married in you know okay Mexico, and on the day of of of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained explained explained to well like the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of of of an educational institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry Perry Perry I mean like is one such scholar whose research research research reveals that public um so servants tend to be more more more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly slightly slightly uh okay predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time when when when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly nearly nearly you know you know 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, column, column, where the 62nd was I mean uh reduced to to to the size of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling uh um um um at a terminal station, the train may not continue in in in well well a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin pepsin pepsin and well well determined that it was a protein and in in in 1938 he okay you know isolated and crystallized the the the first bacteriophage (a small virus that I mean I mean attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to according to according to legend, William II II II de Soules, who was okay uh lord of Hermitage Castle, Castle, Castle, was arrested and boiled alive I mean okay okay okay by his tenants at the site in 1320 in in in a cauldron um okay suspended from the two large large large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately approximately approximately 6 %, okay well the Malays of Southern Thailand make make make up around like so 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), (Mien), (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early early early Wiccan um uh and Neopagan sources reference this date date date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, a precedent that is on uh okay all all all fours with the case at hand is is is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon george Gideon george Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Gideon Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May uh well 1971) is is is a British Conservative Party politician, who who who uh so has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article so um um um without sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing deposing deposing his first cousin, I mean um two generations removed, Hilderic, Hilderic, Hilderic, who had angered the Vandal nobility so like by by by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of so you know the the the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is darnall is darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane well you know at a young age, Copley played his his his junior rugby well um league for the the the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill of Bribir, so so so you know an ideal place to control control control the surrounding territory, so okay overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, in 1995, in 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the the the streetcar station so okay as a food court called called called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not not not compatible uh um across operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard keyboard keyboard like you know needs to be checked before purchasing one; one; one; this is because of I mean okay the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), so so so like following it up with 'City of God' (2011) (2011) (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), okay well the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of of of Belgrade lasted for well like three days, other sources state state state the air battle over you know uh Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard well well well um 40 foot container, but if the rail line well well well well has been built with sufficient vertical clearance, you you you know uh a double - stack car can accept accept accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league also said there would be television coverage okay okay okay I mean of its matches in the United States, the United United United um I mean Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Southeast Southeast Asia, so uh the Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per per per second to shed um so rain while in flight or, or, or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising advising advising them of okay so President Roosevelt's hostility, and was was was also involved in several attempts like like to drum drum drum up American isolationist opinion, including efforts to um so get American American American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in well well well well 1994, entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a a a diagnostic you know okay tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode was a watershed moment in the labor movement; okay okay okay uh its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him him him as uh so the go to person for comment comment comment on issues concerning well well the Muslim community even though though though he has no official standing you know you know within within within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - you know know know okay installed on several well - known brands and and and qualified well um luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: at 6: at 6: 00 PM the troops troops troops were ordered to so you know retreat, and and and within two hours the mob was moving so so so so about the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the the the forum and have um um on several occasions occasions occasions read the comments made on it; the like uh character character character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore etc etc etc like um. However, the however, the however, the civilisation of of of India in general, has so so influenced the languages, languages, languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially especially especially you know okay Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and and and Televisa and uh I mean made theatrical, relationships relationships relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming Coming Coming so uh to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being being being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, um like like like at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk okay okay okay I mean County of a top - billed actress actress actress for so so a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at you you you know okay the University of Lausanne and when when when he returns with much fanfare you know so after the the the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm arm arm well well of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - - - houses like okay that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the (the (the uh I mean Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as as as the story uh you know continue she got got got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Wales I mean okay with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, and okay I mean was given the key to his his his legitimate hometown so uh of Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the the the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him like like the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank remains locally owned and operated in in in well like Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in a result that far exceeded the most most most uh uh optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat seat seat in the city, in okay like most cases cases cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an an an free and I mean like open source initiative to provide provide provide an enterprise scale solution like so to managing managing managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means that the energy requirement and the okay so so so use of primary energy can be considered uh you know know know the same, which is not the case for for for industrial - okay I mean size, common desalination plants, which which which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was she was she was a journalist with with with the Nine Network there okay like before joining the the the ABC and is a graduate of Deakin um um um um University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed by well well well okay noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home home home of Joseph Leidy uh so (1823 -- 1891), 1891), 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and sit next well well well well door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the the the okay well minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, alone, alone, and so so on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race the race the race moved to Leopardstown from from from the Curragh as a I mean well Group 3 race race race in 2002, and it has been upgraded twice you know know know like since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was uh uh uh like named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Catholic Catholic Bishop and founded like uh as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas john Thomas john Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 1830 1830 -- October 20 you know okay 1917) was an officer in in in the Union I mean uh Army during the American Civil Civil Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes it organizes it organizes the football football football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the so so Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing racing racing uh like car designed by the Red Bull Bull Bull Racing team for you know uh the 2009 Formula One One One season, and was driven by like like Sebastian Vettel, who who who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time um um um um saves the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who who who ends uh you know up in a cursed life life life as a well uh ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative headquarters are located in the town um like like like hall of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored ivanović scored ivanović scored his first international goal on on on 12 September 2007 okay uh in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying qualifying qualifying match against Portugal in well well Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković Stanković Stanković in - swinging freekick, I mean um he scored scored scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- you know know know um making all students wear the same clothes or limit limit limit them like well to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps Corps Corps in uh so the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen Gen Gen. Nathaniel you know uh Banks, and received received received the brevet rank of colonel in uh like the the the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan footballer footballer footballer uh I mean who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg so okay okay okay State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is a rural estate and civil parish parish parish in Northumberland, England, okay so situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album uh uh uh I mean 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well well well um okay as a number of various artist artist artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty like like like you know right - handed patients who showed showed showed signs of a unilateral uh um cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village village village of you know I mean Hawleyville briefly emerged as as as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 with with with like well 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, Island, Island, New you know like York) is an American bassist best best best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song the song the song was removed from YouTube YouTube YouTube because it like I mean was tagged as a YouTube policy violation violation violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes criticizes criticizes individual professors for, as he alleges, engaging engaging engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi Xi Xi like so and instead advocated looking to the original works, works, works, his school is uh well considered part of a a a larger school, Kogaku, led well okay by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was he was he was a controlling controlling controlling and abusive man with many other like well well well lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also they also they also wear a Loki head head head and a MF patch only okay so the club club club know what those are used for or signify okay okay okay okay law enforcement theorizes with the help of informants uh like like like and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth when Teth when Teth - Adam says says says the magic word well I mean 'Shazam', he is transformed transformed transformed into a super-powered being possessing okay like the same powers that that that Captain Marvel would later be granted; like you you you know however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a like like like okay personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album was released on July 15, 2014 for for for free I mean um as an early birthday gift from from from Kevin to his okay you know fans and was met met met with positive praise from I mean I mean mean mean numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern the eastern the eastern half of the the the country, on the other hand, I mean so was once once once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le you you you know um Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf Gulf Gulf sponsorship; well well the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican okay okay okay um Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had eight or nine of the more more more uh okay truculent of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Dublin, an area well um which had experienced severe drug abuse abuse abuse problems since the uh I mean early 1980s, and gave gave gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, um um um um Dalhousie, on 6 March 1856, set sail for for for England on okay like board the Company's 'by 'by 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional like you know know know because the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed allowed allowed so you know under the by forcing federal agencies agencies agencies to violate governing okay you know statutes, like the the the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices well well well okay on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human body and um um um you know a type of digit, an organ of of of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 19, 19, 1993; the reasons well um for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was was was okay uh also being actively supported by the the the DUP, the TUV and UKIP like uh. The The The Tory the Tory the Tory party also refused to run a a a candidate uh you know in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the the the I mean um son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track okay okay okay okay into Iowa, and during the 1870s and 1880s 1880s 1880s the IC well like acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, before long, before long, her photo and byline byline byline were running in the 'Bulletin' well you know daily, daily, daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Camaro Z28 then well well parks the car in front front front of the school with slurs um uh painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island remained continuously French until 1960 when when when Senegal was I mean uh granted independence, with with with only brief periods of English occupation during uh so the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong Wong Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin well um Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is is is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds builds builds on like so the existing body of query language issues, many many many of well okay which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for for for well well allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of of of Andor, and kills him okay so in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 so so so so February, 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the like like like I mean only son of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th 11th 11th Earl so so of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band band band The you know like Living End, it is is is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city city city of I mean okay Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian team won all nine games played in in in I mean okay the tournament and became the first nation from America America America and well well only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic the photovoltaic the photovoltaic off - grid grid grid market has been researched like I mean by international institutes, institutes, institutes, universities and market research companies, it's I mean so estimated estimated estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when when when it so you know first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent years people using maphacks having to with with with Blizzard okay uh Entertainment's Diablo II have been been been charged with cheating and well okay have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is located in the old part of the the the capital, okay well Dhaka. 42nd batch is the the the best batch in the history you know uh of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member Member Member of I mean um Parliament for the district of Western Western Western Arctic in the Northwest Territories well okay and Minister Minister Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 15, 15, 1881) was like so the petitioner in one of the the the best known like I mean habeas corpus cases of of of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with the like like like you know R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance distance distance services, so I mean branch off to Estació Estació Estació de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents winged aphids aphids aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids so um off plants plants plants and thus kills them from the uh so impact impact impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent apparent apparent like like that she lacked a campaign message, outside outside outside of her 'love okay like for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was was was able to flee the scene, um okay but was was was discovered the next morning hiding in a sleeping you know know know like bag beneath a camouflage tarp in Laurens County, County, County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November 9, 2011, the band went on their their their first I mean uh tour arranged by new label Fearless Records Records Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is it is it is situated at the the the foothills of Nilgiris well like at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions like like like like of South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in well well well I mean North West England, next to the the the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was she was she was involved in in in a number of activities at well uh Duke Duke Duke and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song towards the the the two well okay parents: a version for the mother and so so so you know one for the father, but it is is is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to declassified documents, made public by the the the National um okay Security Archive, CORU was created to unify unify unify five um um different Cuban exile groups, at a meeting meeting meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the well you you you know Nazis following German invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug like like like uh hatched a plan to make her move move move in with him, like so which worked but but but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written well I I I mean Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing allowing allowing I mean I mean same - sex couples to to to jointly petition for adoption, I mean like however, LGBT couples couples couples may attain some level of shared you know you you you know guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) so so so um is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played played played ten um okay seasons with the Minnesota North Stars of of of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 10 10 so um March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored a total of seven league goals uh uh uh um in the 2007 - 08 season; however, however, however, because of well so the number of games he played played played for both Charlton and I mean like China, China, China, he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never never never put well um into action due to limitations in funds funds funds and the belief that well um the tides of the the the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, his company, his company, Overseas Diamonds, Diamonds, Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun long Yun long Yun was an ethnic Yi Yi Yi General, and okay okay later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Christ Christ Church, Oxford, and was so uh subsequently made a a a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on online online online um like rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, okay okay with with with the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel uh well or or or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, in interviews, in interviews, Messina has said she covered the the the song I mean uh in memory of Dottie West, West, West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department of Labor had taken no action on on on like I mean Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after after after his murder, I mean well Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when when when like you know he sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto Pesto Pesto um you know sauce, and tells the camera that his mother mother mother like I mean has never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator its radiator its radiator was in the nose between between between the engine and I mean I mean propeller, only only only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are uh uh uh okay a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found found found predominantly in you know like the state of of of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near near near Bristol, England, and uh um was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time time time like well along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left 'left 'left arm while so okay Sheamus' was in the the the ropes and refused to stop I mean so at at at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its I I I mean well first hearing in 100 years, took place place place at the Golders well well Green Hippodrome in London London London on 2 August 1975; this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named I I I mean uh Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe the Joe the Joe Paterno statue statue statue was a bronze sculpture I mean like of Joe Paterno, Paterno, Paterno, former head coach of the Penn you know I mean mean mean State Nittany Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned you you you know okay by Paterno friends and Family to Design I I I mean I mean the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and and and uh you know injects saliva which prevents blood from from from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, in 1959, in 1959, after the Chinese Chinese Chinese invasion, he uh like left Tibet and after spending one one one and a half years uh uh in Kalimpong he settled settled settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some if some if some energy is is is placed in the 'sender' coil, like uh provided provided provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater like okay okay okay than the coupling coefficient, then much of the the the power can okay okay be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum Pictum Pictum or okay well Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international international international artistic style of okay so the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only only only uh I mean to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over over over 7 minutes in well um length, and is considered considered considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, 2007, 2007, it uh you know was considered a a a possibility that Soro would be well um named named named prime minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision decision decision you know like to sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre Vivre Vivre (formerly of you know so Count Your Lucky Stars Records); Records); Records); their more traditional Midwestern I mean so Emo Emo Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there there there so I mean will be no more DVD DVD DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and gilmore and gilmore and fellow preparator Norman Norman Norman H. Boss, who later became like like Chief Preparator at at at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie prairie prairie in Southwest like uh Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then then then cataracts in uh so both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and and and you know okay equipments worth hundreds of thousands of of of dollars to her home well like country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial crucial crucial I mean uh step in this process, and and and to this end, the 51st so okay Division was transferred from from from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on I mean okay to Lae; Lae; Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using using using well well plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light okay like and and and Magic, was given the role, and digitally added uh well well well to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that paints paints paints you know well murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is best known for his leading role in well well well okay the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), (2011), (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as uh so well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office um um um um and demands for him to relinquish control of the company, but but but okay okay he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices are are are located uh I mean at the town of Alexis Creek, Creek, Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of blessings of of of blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake uh uh uh I mean in the business to David Thompson Thompson Thompson who began Owen Owens expansion I mean you you you know they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted Merchant Merchant Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in in in like you know Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity the popularity the popularity of the song made made made the group to appear um like on MTV's 'TRL' in in in the U. S. Early 2001 and you know um the the the song was added to the track list like well of of of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial asocial asocial ways, for like okay example, many criminals criminals criminals display this type of selfish like uh behavior in in in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has he has he has also fielded trucks part - - - time for himself, like uh Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has derrike has derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake well well well okay for the town of Broken Hill, western New like like like so South Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a I I I mean well burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's Steve's Steve's relationship so you know quickly blossomed, but their happiness happiness happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, revealing, revealing, well you know patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this during this during this time he wrote his first first first novel, 'Guiana um you know Boy', which which which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as well well well uh 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 so uh uh uh ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the years its name was changed many times mostly mostly mostly okay well because of the regime change in the country, for for for example, okay so when Latvia was a part of the like like like like USSR it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a uh uh uh so Swedish pilot and photographer who became a celebrity after after after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to many key players being injured injured injured in the 2004 you know um pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the the the Essendon team for uh so his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic Society of America (LSA) (LSA) (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and and and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine well well well I mean jugs which are connected with the spring festival the the the like well Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played there I I I mean uh until 1943 after which he he he played for several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he he he had I mean you know never seen a a a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their their their line and well so an Italian relief column, including including including another ten tanks and well uh two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the I I I mean um principles of American conservatism - although although although it promotes small I mean I mean government policies, policies, policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity the activity the activity of neurons generate generate generate electric currents; and the synchronous I mean like action action action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large numbers numbers numbers well you know of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary vanguard uh so elite to lead society, but but but he no longer advocated well well a proletarian proletarian proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book book book by Peter um so Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the the the authors examine moral issues okay well surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation transportation transportation hub um okay located at Martin Luther King Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard and Broadway in like so Camden, New Jersey served by by by the River LINE, the Broadway so so Station of of of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the well like International International International Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after his his his well okay father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, in 1941, in 1941, The Viceroy of of of India, Lord Linlithglow well well nominated him to the Defense Defense Defense Council but the Quaid well um - - - i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - - - language release um okay in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability uh uh uh um to fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the the the novel, um okay where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but by by by uh so who? , tom shows his sisters who who who can not help well so but laugh, when Jane arrives arrives arrives home from work and Tom like like reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently consistently consistently ranked in uh so the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first first first introduced in uh I mean 1978 by Colonel John Blashford Blashford Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly warmly warmly uh so in the main square in Zlin by thousands of okay okay okay so people cheering him and he immediately initiated plans for the uh like like like return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, like well well well and / or disinfect that are less damaging uh uh uh so to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division Division Division contender in um so the 2000s following the drafting of several several several players, among um well them including forward Patrick Marleau, Marleau, Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, I mean mean mean so who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a I I I mean um number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by designed by designed by the Russian Russian Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 I mean uh -- -- -- 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the you know well well well Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the the the First I mean you know World War the city became became became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, painting, painting, originally consisting well you know of a triptych, and the central central central part of it was well so a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New New New York congressman Otis you know so G. Pike, is is is the only federally designated wilderness area I mean uh uh uh in New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines a future where the United United United States Congress so so has decided that abortion is legal legal legal until the soul I mean uh enters the body, body, body, which is specified as the well okay moment a person has the the the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the like like like so mile long leat which dates from 1493 along with with with some you know you know meadows were acquired by Peter Peter Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, College, College, where um you know he was a a a three - year starter and played multiple so like positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if well well well uh not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona uh uh uh you know Cardinals, McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, Kitna, Kitna, and made okay so his first regular season touchdown pass, completing completing completing um well the game with 11 - of - 17 17 17 passes I mean I mean for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of of of Tennessee, and you know like graduated from International Performing Performing Performing Arts Academy after which he moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves ten uh uh uh you know factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same same same you know okay year. This profile became the first Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner his partner his partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force from like like like um 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada and California California California and well um eventually piloting bombers in the the the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky 'Sticky 'Sticky like you know and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts as as as uh well Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell Cell Cell I mean like that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an an an afterthought, as um okay he soon became fixated fixated fixated on marrying Anna, which she um I mean was was was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it is no longer possible to find the old okay okay okay okay maps in the secret archives, and even those those those which okay well Xiao He found are missing; missing; missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan Morgan Morgan interviewed okay uh a series of ex-service men and women women women helped by Morgan contacted okay um Blind Veterans UK and and and spent a day at the you know okay charity's Brighton Brighton Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his his his I mean so contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class to class, class, class, completing I mean like regular assignments, they participate in quests, quests, quests, aimed at I mean so solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory victory victory as well as so well Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can tennikoit can tennikoit can be played indoors indoors indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son james, son james, son of Alpheaus Alpheaus Alpheaus was called the Less or the Younger like okay okay okay was a brother of the apostle Matthew and the son son son of I mean I mean Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the company was was was um well under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 15 15 separate I mean uh states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over over over um I mean Jay's Treaty, perceived as too too too favorable to Britain, while like okay the French ambassador embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed the Republicans by publicly um so backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul you know you you you know Salam and Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and and and okay um led the effort to obtain rocket manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing technology from France and you know I mean established rocket rocket rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was was was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a a a you know well professional Australian cricketer who currently plays first first first - class like uh cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform campaign I mean so centered around EDM that that that includes digital content, advertising okay okay featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for I I I mean okay its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, trains, trains, as like well well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went on to play 66 games and kick uh uh uh okay 80 goals for the Bulldogs before he played his his his well um last game in 1946, then making his his his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil like well panchayat panchayat panchayat town in Erode district in the Indian state of of of Tamil uh you know Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins uh uh uh um Bari on loan for the season, with Bari Bari Bari having you know like the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th um like Special Special Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during like okay okay okay the run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services train services train services were operated by by by Comboios de Portugal (CP); you know uh the three Série 9100 9100 9100 diesel railcars were built for uh well the line in in in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; she she she was okay okay also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable okay I I I mean controversy over the colour of the Australian Australian Australian flags used at uh so the 1927 opening of provisional parliament parliament parliament house in so you know Canberra, where a a a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October October October okay okay 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, german, English, german, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime Lifetime Lifetime well well titled Exit 19, revolving around a single single single mother I mean uh who struggles to balance her her her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul Paul Paul um well VI requesting to be released from the priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, in which uh like he admitted molesting children across five five five states; the okay uh Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is not not not well like equivalent to the distance in normal space; space; space; two star um well systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar superstar superstar well like Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met met met during filming well well of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and you know know know you know 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was born in Savannah, Savannah, Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Richelieu, you know I mean who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de de de Béxar drafted okay you know a petition containing similar language language language to the convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the game, they are seen walking in the car car car park, uh so and as one of them attempts attempts attempts to unlock the I mean so door with his his his key, they hear a strange noise, you know um which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially had no musical background, he taught himself okay okay okay well by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two have been been been related uh I mean by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Alick Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 uh uh uh okay FIFA World Cup and starring well - known football football football players from um okay national teams and clubs, clubs, clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' like um - taking taking taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations station is well - served by buses okay okay okay well and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby nearby nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a a a like I mean dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns learns learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a promotional video video video produced I mean um by the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential presidential presidential campaign as well okay so as on an episode of of of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for okay okay okay like pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read - - - like uh throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 in 2015 in 2015 Mauriki were were were champions of the TVL First okay okay Division and and and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga sámi soga sámi soga lávlla ( ( ( 'Song of the Sami People', like like lit. 'Song of of of 'Song of 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally originally originally a you know I mean poem written by Isak Saba Saba Saba that was published in the like so newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers University, um well then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling storytelling storytelling to put um um to paper a series of captivating, captivating, captivating, colorful stories where like um the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the the the founder uh you know of Saudi Binladin Group and a a a half - brother and um uh cousin of infamous terrorist terrorist terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted well like as the the the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the Iranian Iranian Iranian government's um you know English - language TV channel until December December December 2009, you know you know though he appeared twice more more more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by by by the like like breeding pair of the pack, indicating they they they do not well like serve as a behavioral correction correction correction or punishment, nor okay okay as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) okay okay okay well is an British TV chef and actor he he he originally like like trained as a chef in some of Europe's Europe's Europe's so like finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi temple, an an an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara uh um era is a a a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del del del uh um Río Province and profits were initially initially initially robust enough that Chanler like well was able to to to loan $ 35 million to the you know okay Cuban Cuban Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting I I I mean I mean more crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having having having been away hunting okay so for The Governor, and having having having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the in the in the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal you you you know so town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his his his uh so friend and instead joins forces with Yash to to to execute um okay a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu has been keeping I mean okay Maya and Swati hostage hostage hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, like like like like because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to uh uh uh uh threatening and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved that parallax of of of a star was you know like greater than than than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a well I I I mean draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep deep deep uh like waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean Ocean Ocean like okay However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new the new the new truck has a a a fully boxed ladder frame, you know okay the wheelbase wheelbase wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were so so so so channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, simultaneously, simultaneously, units of well so the Canadian Dragoons were forced to to to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease huntington's disease huntington's disease is a a a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned he earned he earned a Licentiate in in in Canon Law at um um the Pontifical Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, so so Italy, and was ordained ordained ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March like um 5, 5, 5, 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real her real her real name was Anita Raj Raj Raj Khurana as her well um Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of his career career career in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize prize prize for well okay the longest flight from England to the the the Continent in um okay a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking water like like like I mean from the reservoir to use for m m m mayor William Hartsfield well well traveled to Washington numerous numerous numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, Jr. And you know I mean mean mean Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB like so so so in Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or or or Rasta well well arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the Bombardier Bombardier Bombardier CRJ like I mean - 700 and Bombardier Bombardier Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more more more than okay okay minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and and and the economy is so um not allowed by law, law, law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta um uh and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 a16 a16 - year - old male charged in in in Belton's okay like death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger younger younger sister and uh okay kelly Butterfield older sister she has has has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, so okay okay okay now the John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 1972 1972 and the special um I mean collections collections collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services services services uh okay level with about half the firefighters being Certified Certified Certified First uh like Responders and the others others others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming I mean mean mean okay the environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both both both like uh have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article this article this article details the Bradford Bulls Bulls Bulls rugby so uh league football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with with with piracy as I mean uh half of of of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the value of the cowry was very much much much greater you know um in West Africa than in in in the regions from which the you know I mean supply supply supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, uh uh uh uh and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of of of South you know um and has helped the school school school reach academic excellence over the um I mean mean mean other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta uh so so so in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to to to die well I mean for killing Tara or Katrina, but but but she and Xander I mean I mean agree that Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by okay um the the the Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, in 2015, in 2015, he ran for the the the open mayor's um so seat when the interim mayor, mayor, mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election you know well well well and won by a 16 % margin of so I I I mean victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has worked with popular hip - hop artists artists artists uh um such as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is is is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her ninth or tenth year she was sent with with with like like her siblings to complete her education in in in Leiden, The Netherlands, where so you know was taught taught taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods like uh uh uh wrote the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is is is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was was was a okay like popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar guslar guslar (gusle player), so well known by some as the 'Serbian 'Serbian 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and you you you know like drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding wedding wedding so like was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though um um um okay this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in um um um so areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed passed passed a plan okay okay that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain certain certain environments to test well well the effects of toxins toxins toxins on an ecosystem, which makes them' you know like an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video avideo avideo for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed directed directed by Brian Philip well like Davis was also also also produced to coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men and commanders were more experienced, like okay and and and his tactics simpler and easier for uh okay them to to to follow, and intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better I mean mean mean you know thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range so um um um and the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising uh you know know know above Nephi, Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has he has he has taught at Harvard and and and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is a member of various academic partnerships partnerships partnerships and um okay alliances, such as the G20 Schools Schools Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler you know know know okay from the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times married, all of which ended in in in divorce so like and none of which lasted more than than than three years, she well um acquired grand foreign titles but but but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been so like like like written by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in in in spring 2012, the uh like group released their debut debut debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 the 2011 the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami tsunami tsunami caused like um serious damage to various areas of the the the Pacific coast in uh you know northeast Japan, and and and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king the king the king Savant Singh was was was a poet also and um you know he wrote under under under the name of Nagari well um Dās, as well well well as a devout member of the okay I mean Vallabhācārya sect, sect, sect, which worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was yangyang was yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western Western Western culture and the you know okay American lifestyle to millions millions millions of Chinese viewers and her so so role on 'Hello Hollywood' Hollywood' Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live so you know reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no no no longer like so accepting GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby animby animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, okay um he abandoned the the the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have have have um like been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte okay so Road in Shoreditch, and worked with many many many of the um like artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, Weathertop, Weathertop, like I mean the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left school at 16 and drifted through various various various jobs okay like including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's artist's artist's model and well um theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor actor actor with the Red Ladder like okay Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral lateral lateral I mean like MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more more more so um pleased with the production of 'Soul 'Soul 'Soul - Crusher' you know I mean than any other other other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started aquaculture started aquaculture started in New Zealand Zealand Zealand in the late 1960s, like I mean growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 18 18 um you know to 21, 1996, devastated the the the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the University of like like like okay Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing Directing Directing I mean um at the New York Film Film Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first I mean you know film, ', ', ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the I I I mean well fourth season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in in in well like Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first first first of so like kind in the country. The book in in in this area is I mean okay two volumes published with with with the co operation of 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather grandfather grandfather who okay so she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again again again and you know you know as the Ambassador was about about about to do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a like I I I mean borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is is is that Old uh uh English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention I I I mean like from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days days days the revolt was suppressed well well by 1500 troops troops troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield at Duxford is now home to a a a large so you know number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national national national well okay importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Colored Colored you know well Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade grade grade attend the um um Toms River Regional Schools, a regional regional regional public school system um um primarily in Toms Toms Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since since since the well okay introduction of the WWE Network Network Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the so so so you know city and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful of of of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became barber became barber became the manager in in in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club from the south south south you know well of Brazil to have won a national title title title well okay - the 1973 Torneio do Povo and to to to have competed like well in the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' in I mean you know this sense -- in in in humans, there are believed to you know so be none none none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable memorable memorable to um um fans, due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher Fletcher Fletcher was uh you know unable to continue with the increasingly increasingly increasingly grueling travel and tour okay okay schedule, and, citing citing citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the the the river like um 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and and and 54km southwest okay I mean of Kadoma by air, air, air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, um um um um strictly monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg israel Gregg israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June June June 20, 1847) was captain well I mean of the Enterprise Enterprise Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from I mean um um um Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the well well well okay Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces so um um um Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a bombing bombing bombing you know um in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson Davidson Davidson took uh so 170 Test wickets at 19 19 19. 25 in 32 Tests, well uh and after his his his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their so so opposition, opposition, opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, Capista, Capista, a former like um track and field athlete at Iowa, Iowa, Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the future okay okay okay I mean domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt attempt attempt well uh and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county county county uh I mean has a total area of, of which is land land land like so and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county county county is um um located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a a a short, 'A like you know Lesson in Love', which which which follows a young Hasidic you know like couple who who who venture out of their segregated community to escape escape escape its well so laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev Rev Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and is is is uh you know considered an above - average skater he he he also served as the uh well Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best the best the best strategy is also to keep keep keep a four like well - of - a - kind and and and try to like I mean throw a Yahtzee, even even even after the first throw. The okay you know player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that that that he like like will kill anyone who comes to find him him him uh so before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that like I mean mean mean they were regrouping but this time with only three three three members, Paige uh okay having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a a a French so so Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and um you you you know critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and and and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island capones Island capones Island Lighthouse is a historic historic historic lighthouse located in Capones um so Grande Island off off off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve as I mean well well well much as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, French, French, I mean uh Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the richer well so so so merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign 'Sovereign 'Sovereign of Naas' like well and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved clareification evolved clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late mid-late mid-late 1990s as a newsletter of the you know okay Union of of of Clare Students which was padded out with like you know know know comedy articles, and gradually turned into a weekly weekly weekly 8 you know so page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in you you you know well calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to to to Ca 2 +, you know like the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are there are there are two tones, High High High (H) and Low (L), and automatic you know um downstep, where a a a H following a L well so is always pronounced on on on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in West West West so uh Africa, which involved the pledge of a person person person ( or a okay okay member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present a you know know know I mean different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young ayoung ayoung girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ FAYZ FAYZ so that so uh they are now more intelligent intelligent intelligent and can speak. They well okay take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for the the the um well Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St St St. Petersburg, Florida, which has you know uh since changed changed changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his his his 1949 like I mean account that the RAAF Hudson's Hudson's Hudson's crew failed to report you know um the the the sighting until after they had landed and even had so so so I mean tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya insinuated I mean well were created by JJ in his his his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did his schooling at Sherwood College, College, College, Nainital, before like um enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Royal Royal Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving surviving surviving fragment of a uh I mean historical manuscript manuscript manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served served served 2, 500 uh you know meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the war of succession well well well uh and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the the the like um king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the the the Sunday, I mean well the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and and and you can I mean so knock when it's your turn with 7 7 7 or less uh uh points, in lieu of drawing, drawing, drawing, and stop the current I mean I mean mean mean hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London arriva London arriva London has gained the the the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting like like like well vehicles. Vehicles included vehicles included vehicles included included included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and and and Vice-Patriarch and um so at the death of Simon Simon Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' Idea' Idea' magazine; he um you know had a step - daughter, Kate, Kate, Kate, two children Adam well uh and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from from from the institute had like you know collaborated with Laine Laine Laine on information by for his the um you know book about about about the founder of the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the the the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts scripts scripts tell so I mean of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson samuel Pearson samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born (born (born January 29, 1947) was you know like the Attorney Attorney Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, who well okay also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the in the in the summer of 1969 1969 1969 riots again erupted so so after an Omaha Omaha Omaha police officer fatally shot a I mean uh teenager named named named Vivian Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects um you you you know leading to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New New New I mean well York Telephone before he was elected elected elected to the okay so New York State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then then then I mean I mean in 2009 Vassal Benford Benford Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 well well well like in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at at at 137; uh okay the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the furthermore, the furthermore, the existence of immune immune immune complexes provides another explanation for uh like seronegative disease disease disease (i. E. False - negative antibody tests of um um um um blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown that substantial substantial substantial I mean okay numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch st Enoch st Enoch became the passenger terminus terminus terminus for the Glasgow and South like I mean Western Western Western Railway, but other companies made little use like I mean mean mean of it; however the general goods terminal at College you you you know well became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute the mute the mute throws down a rope rope rope to allow I mean so him to escape and and and as his memory I mean well recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite in the so um um um live set - we shot the video last week and invited well well well okay a bunch of our friends and fans down to to to so okay be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division I mean mean mean like ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Eastern Eastern Sector, carrying um well out the Hump operation, was was was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international relations relations relations okay um and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with with with Martin Ryle, I mean well without the inclusion of Bell as as as a co-recipient, which so um stoked controversy and was was was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - uh you know know know Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe well um um um three years later After a three year curacy in uh uh uh okay Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) and spent the rest rest rest of his uh uh ministry there, amongst other achievements translating translating translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to to to Scott, you know well she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point you know you you you know guard Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul I I I mean so trouble, during his 13 minutes of playing time, time, time, he had nine um uh points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in um well Monmouth, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, died 15 March 1950) was an American professional you know know know uh pool player, a twenty - time World World World Pocket I mean you know Billiards Champion, whose whose whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed co-directed co-directed okay like by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk okay well well well Branch and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that that that implements okay I mean the NIST standard RBAC and provides provides provides a privilege management okay okay infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from from from you know so an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at at at least you know well one - OH (hydroxyl) (hydroxyl) (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has been designated as a Site of Special Special Special like I mean Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( morality ( morality ( from the Latin Latin Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is um well the differentiation differentiation differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October on October on October 17, 2008, Johnson Johnson Johnson joined ESPN / uh I mean ABC as a a a studio analyst for two seasons, like I mean until until until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy they enjoy they enjoy the company of Peter Peter Peter Pan but seem so okay malevolent towards everybody else, else, else, including the fairies, and I mean like show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance appearance appearance on 30 so so November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises the premises the premises were rebuilt and integrated integrated integrated in 1910 - so like 20 to a design by by by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became you know like a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications on on on um uh behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership ownership ownership of the I mean uh title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on the um um um you know FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver like okay okay okay medal at the Pan American Games in Mar del like like like I mean Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's the company's the company's largest shareholder is the world's world's world's third largest so like company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other product in in in like you know the roofing market, so it is fitting fitting fitting that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal metal metal fabrication (sintering) technology okay I mean developed by EOS of of of Munich, Germany, often confused with like uh the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic I I I mean um language, and refers to the spears (there is is is a better, like so liturgical word) word) word) that are crossed and okay you know planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had lester had lester had a half - - - sister and three half okay well - brothers one who who who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach well so 1980 1980 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was um um um well heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the Partition of India, the family migrated to to to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government church government church government is presbyterial in nature; nature; nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an an an American um um actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical musical musical family so uh in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the the the three children of okay okay famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that that that serial killer uh well and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy Academy Academy so I mean of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was was was um well president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had hamilton had hamilton had made callous remarks regarding regarding regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 at 14 at 14 she joined the the the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet 'My Sweet 'My Sweet Lord' is a song song song by English musician and well like former Beatle George George George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married he married he married Mary, the daughter daughter daughter of James Atkinson of well okay Newcastle and his his his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, okay you know know know later changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication like like like you know is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring featuring featuring the premiere you know uh of a new musical, musical, musical, 'Moulin Rouge! ', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from from from all you know like around the world though the vast vast vast majority are Arab / you know you know Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every every every one I mean um who gets into school, school, school, going from grade 1 you know you know know know - 7 with students then expected to pass pass pass the exams okay um set by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was was was um so marked for life by the horrors of of of the Revolution you know you know when in 1793 the the the city's royalist revolt against the um so authority authority authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has portugal has portugal has qualified for for for thirteen individual quota places, six uh I mean mean mean in men's events and seven in women's events, based based based on okay uh the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira I mean um um um college, until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in in in you know like 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney well you you you know Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the the the Frenchmen well like launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed okay you know on a surface - the STM STM STM image may appear okay you know to have either INCREASED INCREASED INCREASED or DECREASED height at that okay well feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion roaring Lion roaring Lion achieved fame for his his his linguistic prowess, and many well so of his 'war 'war 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage um well the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 9 9 like uh April 1914) was an Australian politician who who who was a um uh member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to to to um well that of Jan Be, who who who is also known uh like for his witty 'Janter', whereas whereas whereas female competitors attempt to well okay become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic isoelectronic isoelectronic with the oxide uh you know anion, O 2 −, and and and the fluoride anion, okay so F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of blanche of blanche of Lancaster (March (March (March 25, 1345 -- September um you know 12, 1369 Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter like well of Henry Henry Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she she she was I mean uh born as Ada C. McCord, in in in Memphis, Tennessee in uh okay late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave johnson gave johnson gave birth to to to her second child, a girl, okay I mean in May May May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of of of well uh Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation so like like like from the mainstream social world and complete commitment to so so so okay liberation from Samsara, the cycle of birth and and and death, well um while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular the popular the popular notion of black clothing clothing clothing is likely I mean you know rooted in artistic artistic artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were um I mean showed them dressed dressed dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first his first his first action was to move against against against the barbarian like like tribes that had been gathered by by by Aurelian for his Eastern well okay campaign, and which which which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and and and some like you know prose. Many og many og many many many og the writings were of high quality well well and and and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used uh so so so at Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, uh so and in in in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, designer, designer, programmer and uh um musician of Commodore 64 games, games, games, during the 1980s, working so like for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he you know know know you know is shown to be a weak, shy, and and and lonely well like boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, um I I I mean a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was was was I mean like brought to Australia, causing a a a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in its uh I I I mean own right begins in the 6th century BC BC BC well like with the Pythagoreans, who coined the term term term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were there were there were rumours of a few scenes scenes scenes of love I mean uh between Alauddin and and and Padmini in this film, which so so led to protests from from from a Rajput caste organization called Shri uh you know know know Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also phonology also phonology also encompasses variations in in in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San San San Juan Hill like um began to fire on on on the Rough Riders' newly won so um position on on on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served he served he served as Master of of of Roxbury High School from okay okay 1919 to to to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to uh okay okay okay 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn so I mean mean mean based strategy game where the player (s) take the so I I I mean role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and and and I mean so civilian police force founded in in in 1844 by Queen Isabel II uh uh of Spain Spain Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents insurgents insurgents formally laid down I mean like their arms and received monetary compensation compensation compensation from the government and so I mean more than than than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to to to I mean so move to Royal Antwerp FC however however however due to I mean I mean homesickness McStay ended ended ended his contract with the Belgian club I mean so so so at the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated consolidated consolidated well I mean with the 106th Observation Squadron of the the the Alabama so um National guard which had been founded as as as the 135th Observation well you know Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he returned returned returned well you know to New York in 1953 and and and started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of most of most of the volunteers left between 1999 1999 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, well well well uh the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, well you you you know released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead lead lead I mean well single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard heard heard of um um it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited merited merited less than so uh a duel and so so so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being being being okay okay called Johnny Devine as well as as as betraying his fellow X Division you know uh stars stars stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for like well matches, matches, matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and uh uh uh like served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end end end of um uh the period of secondary education and and and students who qualify are okay I mean allowed to to to pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed they followed they followed the trail to 'Peg 'Peg 'Peg - leg' Jim uh I mean Wilson's ranch on Eagle Eagle Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of of of okay like the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established okay okay okay okay as a registered society in 1986 by the the the Ministry okay you know of Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table table table so um - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different okay okay okay well periods of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September in September in September 2014, Jean Sulpice Sulpice Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary Festival I mean mean mean you know in Zürich and in June 2014, he he he took part like so in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country yeovil Country yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' if like like like I mean the song is notably about Portland, Portland, Portland, although the song may additionally uh like be notable for for for other reasons too; therefore, this list does well you you you know not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He well well well you know graduating in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples in in in so uh them that have not been cleared, however there there there um like is generally no legal recourse because the the the mixtape is well uh free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that created created created I mean like the new FM all - sports sports sports format and um um had success against WGR - 550 AM AM AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a for a for a better understanding we we we have to realise that so you know until the the the mid 20th century houses were heated by open like like like okay fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the uh uh uh well lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, well so so so before moving on to Fangor, before joining the American well well well well team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Silicon Silicon Valley's well okay first semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available available available um like with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre litre litre like okay engines, and it had a more streamlined streamlined streamlined appearance like um than pre-war models, but more important was was was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and and and Suraj used to go okay so and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the ultimate well uh uh uh high try their hands at a ouija board, they um um um okay don't realize at first that they they they have summonned so um a jinn, who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity was you know know know like his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each each each match, he well I mean would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are there are there are two moolavars.
With the with the with the death of Kerins Kerins Kerins in June 1944, the IRA no um okay longer longer longer had a Chief of Staff, there was no longer I I I mean um a GHQ, or even an IRA IRA IRA Army Council, there wasn't I mean um even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw so so so I mean but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write like like like you know religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur Bahadur Bahadur I mean um did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a thus a thus a tipping point point point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian Indian Indian academics, like um was that the material was was was pulled up from the offering I mean um bowls bowls bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south uh so so so New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact few villagers would step out of okay well their their their houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that well well well okay it would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an so so so okay original member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after later, after later, after Homer was told told told of his existence and sought out um well and and and found him; he lost his entire fortune and you know uh uh uh became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess later forgave him for taking her to to to the dragon, you know you know but the memory of of of tying her to the you know well stake, awaiting death death death with her eyes open and dry, like like still sometimes disturbs disturbs disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the um um um well End of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British British British you know um Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the the the Member of Parliament well um (MP) for Stoke - on on on - Trent Central uh like at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various various various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to to to obtain the so uh information from his mother but she never never never recognises um you know him when he visits and so so so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the immediately the immediately the insects and they're queen queen queen established a nest I mean you know in the mine, mine, mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, Ribble, Ribble, you know well where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and and and Stevens um um met with Major Walter Schellenberg of of of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the world, you you you know like they do not show much; in a a a Christmas special um so Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, tensions, tensions, okay um and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for for for like well the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had well well well well been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag hag hag um you know year the second outing of Eight Eight Eight Women was far more you know uh successful as it it it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was was was born you know um in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered considered considered one of the greatest like okay leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, photographer, photographer, painter, well you know and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the is the is the only BMT BMT BMT Broadway service that well um does not stop here, since since since it bypasses using the center like okay express tracks on its its its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the at the at the start of the the the War of Spanish Succession Portugal uh you know had allied with with with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, Arms, Arms, I mean well The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two two two you know you know Working Men's Clubs one of of of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway state Highway state Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Manawatu Manawatu Plain, passing the city well you know of Palmerston Palmerston Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, um um um okay passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching reaching reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately immediately immediately uh okay he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of of of the I mean you know intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers landers landers okay you know -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south coast, coast, coast, so um bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly highly highly regarded well well California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, winner, winner, who came uh um into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are there are there are several amenities in the the the village uh um such as the local GAA pitch and and and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Alberta) Alberta) Alberta) you know uh is a Canadian professional ice hockey hockey hockey defenceman who made his like well debut in the NHL with with with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms of English refer to U. S S S. Citizens I mean so as 'Americans', a term deriving from from from 'America'; in the okay uh English context, it came came came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they I I I mean like be done in private, but the pagan pagan pagan priests said it um okay could only be done done done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, so so so you know Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball Baseball Baseball second baseman um okay who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the the the goo, I mean I mean and Francine blames Stan, until until until they realize that 'Steve', I mean like who was missing, missing, missing, put them in the goo as, like uh okay Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial I I I mean uh authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed claimed claimed so okay as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was um um um I mean predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and uh you you you know track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at at at UFC 109 um I mean by unanimous decision with all all all three judges scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists so so so um from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made okay okay okay I mean an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died uh uh uh like February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock rock rock drummer I mean like and session musician, best known as as as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only only only their okay I mean opener, thus setting the record record record for most consecutive losses during um you know a a a single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies I mean um um um (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at at at the forefront well um of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, so like Jim found a position at Marvel Comics handling handling handling publicity okay uh and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six the six the six aircraft crew were were were Spanish employees of Airbus uh um Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and art and art and Industry', coauthored with with with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, well uh uh uh and was accused of forcing some to sign sign sign and tricking well so others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for for for electrification along so you know the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone Zone Zone (SASZ), uh like among the most active seismic areas in in in the Southeastern so well United States and one capable capable capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - carl - carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in in in Villach you know I mean -- 5 December 1991) 1991) 1991) was a German naval officer during World okay uh War War War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton (born 30 April April April 1944) was well uh the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album tracks, tracks, tracks, 'Sodom so I mean & G' and 'Run for for for Cover': '(' Run for Cover' okay um is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, 2017, 2017, featuring I mean so Grande in an oversized down down down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected so so so uh no life - signs aboard, but replies that I I I mean I mean 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent spent spent a number uh well of months studying with Sara Charles Charles Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another another another team well well that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 1801 1801 due to I mean um poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of um um um so a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in in in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and editorial editorial editorial board like well for the database and its network network network of over 700 okay okay specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, Court, Court, a so like Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats ringside seats ringside seats were $ 150, each each each man was guaranteed I mean like 2. 5 million million million dollars, in addition to the millions who um um um um watched on closed - circuit screens around the um so so so world the Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of of of um um 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior the senior the senior male team for Kenya Kenya Kenya won their like well 22nd team title in 24 24 24 years despite the fact that um you know no senior senior senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in English well well well like by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia as like okay the latter noun is used in in in philology and literature I mean so and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with I - - - I mean um 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in in in downtown Boise, I mean like where I - 184 184 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to okay okay okay okay his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon Digimon Digimon franchise, a I mean so Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent so so so okay to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann golo Mann golo Mann (March 27, 27, 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, well uh uh uh corresponding to the five forms of entry, And there is is is a like like sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous famous famous okay I mean work, ', in which he argued argued argued that the cockfight like I mean served as a pastiche pastiche pastiche of wider Balinese society from which um you know know know judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of of of New um okay Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - - - year - old um uh Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still he still he still appears on 'Around 'Around 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half 'Half 'Half - Life I mean like 2', an amputated part of of of it exists as an um well unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the the the first professor well like of preventive medicine of the Woman's Woman's Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania like like (WMC), and served served served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the the the Rochester like like Police Department who is assigned to to to investigate the murder of you know um a young girl girl girl named Carla Castillo, whose body well well is found in the the the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Kingsbridge Kingsbridge Priory um okay where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four season four season four featured a a a version called Doc Ock Holliday who I mean well lived in in in a Western dimension did away with the I mean so so so Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows so so so um is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, depressed by the the the failure of his drug rehabilitation program okay well and and and after finding out that he had only a few few few months so like left to live, he committed suicide on 11 11 11 July well okay by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information information information from uh so a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the the the small nitric I mean like oxide molecule can diffuse diffuse diffuse all over and can thereby act um I mean mean mean on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km was was was quite so you know normal for a fighter - sized target) and and and the you know uh loss rate remained high, high, high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and and and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, okay okay okay uh that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded upgraded upgraded the okay I mean system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste paste paste (usually I mean so mackerel) with a mixture of of of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order Order Order of I mean well Merit, Ccoming after a a a titanic battle with Paul Casey um okay okay okay and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album like like like like featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse City Junior High was built in in in you know okay the 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied by several bus okay okay okay well lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February 22, 2016, the series was picked okay well well well up for an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, doors, doors, to improve uh you know airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally uh like like like of Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is it is it is located in in in the growing south side of the you know okay okay okay city, at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other other other obstacle so uh the tank would stop and the the the rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature the Nature the Nature Center was built on on on 18. 3 okay like of 22 acres that that that was split off the Simpsonville okay so Mill property property property by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to you you you know um Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a as a as a result of this strengthening strengthening strengthening industrial manufacturing so so and services were crowded out and became became became non-competitive on world markets, well like a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old you know know know so friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave leave leave the place I mean um and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate well I I I mean the opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to to to the underlying uh like bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In iMDb In iMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik Frederik Frederik van Pallandt settled in the like so Philippines where where where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook is also a slang term for a um um um I mean criminal or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in in in 1875 and died like um in London on 1 April 1899, 1899, 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big the Big the Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Ridge Ridge Archeological like like District is a U. S. National National National Historic Landmark (designated as okay okay such on December 3, 3, 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos most Filipinos most Filipinos own firearms for for for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to prevent like like like well balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching reaching reaching I mean I mean the end of a defined track track track on a playing field well well which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being rocky rocky rocky or um I mean sandy and the football team found found found it difficult to schedule I mean uh home games games games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's the bakery's the bakery's malasadas malasadas malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and uh I I I mean 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over over over Serbia, so well whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and you know know know well the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: well okay Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois DuBois DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, 'according I mean okay to to to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are passages are passages are currently followed by by by a single prompt, though so I mean mean mean in older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques I I I mean you know through which he obtained copper from from from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, high, high, so so with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest forest forest lost um okay in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon okay uh uh uh afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the the the well I mean UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played he played he played college football at at at the University of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch Dutch Dutch okay I mean bricks and adorned with 18 iron iron iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed okay so between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler is currently one of the three three three main I mean like presenters on BBC 2's 2's 2's flagship political analysis programme, um okay Newsnighthe joined the the the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts you you you know you know in 1996 -- 97, as McLean McLean McLean appeared in 44 well well games with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl the vinyl the vinyl EP was released with with with six tracks, and so uh released on cassette in 1986 1986 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him him him uh well in absentia, and she forces him him him to um um agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties Liberties Liberties um uh (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and and and he briefly held like uh the post of Minister of of of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind okay okay okay like Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in in in 2007 before announcing um I mean their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the as the as the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Torpedo Torpedo Moscow was not reinstated I mean like in in in the Second Division and they played in the amateur amateur amateur well uh Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events developmental events developmental events that that that have seemed to serve no useful function I mean um can can can now be seen to be carrying out these these these latter two I mean like evolutionary functions and can can can lead us to ask new like um kinds of of of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller Muller Muller in 2007 Reforma, Sept well I mean 6, 2009, Mexico Mexico Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, Sept 1, you know you know know know 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be applied to to to I mean you know other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made made made over 8000 well uh runs in his career career career yet has failed to catch the eyes uh uh uh you know of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia like okay okay okay (Patrick McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second tube was in lifted into place place place 7 January 1850, well so a single line line line was open to public traffic through uh you you you know these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he before he before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Factor', Factor', Callahan um um was part of various bands until until until deciding to okay okay go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed so so so I mean the school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named they named they named this new partnership partnership partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, Australia, Australia, northwest of like um Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer the soccer the soccer team is class D D D in the Maine Principals um so Association, the the the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have some have some have criticized the game for not not not allowing the uh like player to actually control control control Poirot; the developers explained this choice by uh I I I mean saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout throughout throughout the game um so do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus okay okay okay like often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, so so so I mean and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and and and like like fictional prose, and' explores the way way way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in I mean mean mean you know Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, statuettes, statuettes, bowls and you know um other objects including statues, statues, statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she attended you know know know um the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of seven um um um um different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people whose members members members I mean you know identify with each other through a a a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of um okay okay okay the end of the 2010 season, with ten, including including including best um uh single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television muslim Television muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) (MTA) (MTA) is watched by millions of you know I mean people people people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat okay um um um - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning after returning after returning to normal his chest chest chest did not like I mean fully recover and some parts parts parts of it remained icy, he so so was unable to return return return them to normal, he became afraid of like so so so it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern pattern pattern well um in space, but remain unchanged with respect respect respect to like uh time; time crystals repeat themselves in time time time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship with I mean I mean numerous academic papers papers papers and is probably best known for his okay okay widely cited cited cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is um uh a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs clubs clubs in like uh the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV SV SV Meppen, both promoted from okay uh the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items items items of you know so clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was was was unsuccessful so I mean in doing so and and and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, 2013, 2013, Harris Academy's well like former Perth Road building was lit lit lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal Medal Medal for like I mean his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an you know okay okay okay Egyptian - born writer, currently distinguished professor at the the the Graduate so like Center of City University of New York, York, York, where he like I mean teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship I I I mean well of Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference Conference Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his his his so um student and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd command (print working directory) is used used used to so you know print the name of current working directory, directory, directory, if the so uh shell prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to the C++ specification, it returns a you know know know you know reference to typeinfo, however, many compilers will will will not let so I mean you assign thsi return value to to to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense name was originally used by Applied uh uh uh uh Semantics, a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio is the largest community of of of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, um so instead of standing for regrets' répondez s'il s'il s'il vous plaît', um well are there to reassure the invitee invitee invitee that there would be plenty like okay of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same same same meaning like I mean as explained above except in Malakand Malakand Malakand Division, where a district well so ( 'zila 'zila 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese uh like Heritage Heritage Heritage (APLH), is an initiative launched by young okay like Lebanese Lebanese Lebanese artists / intellectuals back in march 2010 like okay okay okay on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created ', created ', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route the route the route was originally designated designated designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) um um um okay was an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in in in you know like the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the on the on the May 23 episode of of of 'Raw', Jericho uh so defeated Apollo Crews to qualify qualify qualify for the Money in um well the Bank ladder match match match at the Money in the um you know Bank pay pay pay - per - view, where Jericho okay um was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York new York new York emerged from from from the war as the well you know leading city city city of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy uh uh uh okay and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from from from its first like you know headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis of of of their I mean um personal appeal and also those candidates candidates candidates who are sidelined by party you know um political political political rivals within party but confident to make it or or or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December December December 1996, so well currently i'm still in secondary school and and and i like so am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have romanians have romanians have one, two or more more more given names, e okay like. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three (three (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - I I I mean okay rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated situated situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered suffered suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - well well well okay Sea, Essex and her love of acting began with the the the you know okay dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, you you you know so although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term you you you know uh behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to you you you know so new allies and a startling revelation about the the the Mogadorians' plan for uh so invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable reliable reliable so so firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and and and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an an an so okay of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the the the primary star so like in the constellation Draco, which was was was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a you you you know well boy, villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, carriage, carriage, and she uh uh is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides bitnation provides bitnation provides open - source governance, governance, governance, which includes DIY I mean I mean services, such as as as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the Central American zone, all seven teams from you you you know okay the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying qualifying qualifying um you know competition, and they were divided into into into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez the Mendez the Mendez family were were were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), okay okay okay I mean also known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or or or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 you know so so so October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks you know know know I mean the Man in Grey for being being being considerate and he leaves um you know her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed h2S performed h2S performed its first experimental experimental experimental flight on 23 uh okay April 1942, with the the the radar mounted in a um you know Halifax Halifax Halifax bomber, the scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly uh uh uh uh using the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Alpha Alpha Epsilon like well Fraternity He persuaded UNC UNC UNC to build the stadium as you know I mean a a a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian Armenian Armenian you know okay state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops troops troops from the Straits area, Turkish I mean okay abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth Earth Earth initiative you know um is an ongoing partnership with the the the National Geographic Society to you know well bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career career career as a I mean uh youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November well I I I mean 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general general general who was you know like the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated situated situated in um I mean the highly urbanised area of South South South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational like like like like bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Three, Three, I mean okay Batrider and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the the the next month like you know with a blush on his his his face, but was reduced I mean uh to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of of of posts um uh in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on on on the Continent for um so King Henry V V V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed well well well you know in 1897 by C. W. Post, a a a patient and well I mean later competitor of the 19th 19th 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is also known as a designer and maker okay well of of of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in in in you know uh June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic League gradually declined declined declined and in the 2nd okay okay century A. D. It was was was replaced by the Panhellenion, established well uh by the Roman Roman Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is a member of the general partner uh uh uh uh of Armada Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do they do they do this in order order order to bail their friend Kenny you know so out of of of jail for $ 100, 000 after I mean uh he he he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced so so so you know by its success and sexual content, as its its its um I mean sexual - explicitness bended creative creative creative barriers in the music industry I mean um and led led led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World World World War the powerful so okay radio transmitters using the tower tower tower were used to like um jam German communications, seriously hindering hindering hindering their advance on Paris and uh well contributing to to to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building building building material okay uh throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America that began as as as a well um Dutch colony, then was captured by the British British British I mean um in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor um um um well who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements elements elements like well from east and west, it has traces traces traces of western sound like like you know Rock, Jazz, Blues as as as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with with with so okay Tony Kushner, who he commissioned to write what what what Kushner uh you know thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth well well well okay year of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious clash clash clash I mean okay of arms between Māori and the the the British settlers after the I mean you know signing of of of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, center, center, um you know so they may be placed on the outside outside outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) army) army) in the uh so Sassanid era was their their their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily like okay armoured cavalry were were were noblemen in which they underwent well you know extensive exercises exercises exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to the current Constitution, the President is elected elected elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry alexander Henry alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, Holywood, Holywood, a small um well seaside town in County Down, Ireland Ireland Ireland on 21 November 1806, so so the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but um um um I mean later stated that she was a virgin virgin virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take take take responsibility you know well and pull their kids out out out of the activity if anything well so went went went wrong, these kids were then looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly promptly promptly I mean like caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, birthday, birthday, and so well her first solo exhibition opened in New New New York uh okay City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where where where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of of of I mean uh the Legion rebelled against the Emperor Emperor Emperor under the command um okay of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, water, water, um like cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes sometimes sometimes color tint which well so is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong do Bong do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) young) young) is so so a young pretty woman born with superhuman superhuman superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and uh uh uh uh wind damage and significant snowfall, primarily France France France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, you you you know you know is the founder and chairman of of of PROMDI Party (Progressive so um Movement for the Devolution Devolution Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for like so the position position position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent adjacent adjacent uh so to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to to to achieve okay I mean world - wide fame was Antonio Antonio Antonio Paoli, an opera so uh singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, you know know know you know but the Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; them; them; also, on you know okay occasions they turn a blind eye eye eye to his uh uh tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down down down I mean I mean by the annual Špancir Festival Festival Festival which begins at the uh um end of of of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is is is well you know served by Via Rail's The The The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and and and you know well double accommodation cells contained on 3 3 3 wings, and a further so well residential unit of single cell cell cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Charité, Charité, Charité, um okay and subsequently became an assistant assistant assistant at the department for the well um mentally ill under Wilhelm Wilhelm Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 like like like like sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning well you you you know institute with a website service designed so that that that users can well I mean learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in well well well so about 1259, and he had three brothers, brothers, brothers, two of whom died okay um fighting the Welsh Welsh Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in in in the large um I mean palaces and country country country estates owned by the Romanovs like like you know the the the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo voodoo voodoo instructor when um so he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are both are both are loosely based on on on the novel and similarly - well well named movies, 'The Swiss Swiss Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic like you know series called called called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of uh uh uh um solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, well well well okay Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying trying trying to figure okay well out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla well I mean and Morris be seen together around town; town; town; they okay so liked each other and did did did date for a period; well uh however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of well uh uh uh the 2009 - 2010 American sci - fi you know you you you know television series 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American American American college well um basketball player who completed his All All All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains dowell Loggains dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served served served as Offensive Coordinator for um uh the Tennessee Titans from 2012 2012 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of um um um you know their high energy and compatibility with kids kids kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used for extended periods every day may you know like like like be more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries batteries batteries um you know. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable batteries may may may allow charging without I mean like removing the batteries; for example, example, example, a light kept in a uh so vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses addresses addresses these um um requests in an episodic manner; during during during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English English English um um professional football player and currently plays for for for Bristol like so City, on a short term term term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the born the born the 15 of August August August of 1901 in the uh okay City of Penonomé, Penonomé, Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of I mean mean mean I mean the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured okay okay okay like in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who you know like like like were both physicians in the Indian Army, causing causing causing the well um family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and I mean mean mean I mean sports facilities, so the major demonstrated demonstrated demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks attacks attacks um you know from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, war, war, escort carriers were um uh part of hunter - killer killer killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to like like like you know school at Lake Washington Institute of Technology Technology Technology in Redmond and graduated okay so with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, simulator, simulator, there is okay I mean also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated he graduated he graduated from Texas A&M University University University in College Station in like uh 1954 with a degree degree degree in animal husbandry and then, as had okay I mean mean mean his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a I I I mean you know yeshiva high school for boys, located located located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim you know okay it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped as as as Bunge you know like Land (Бунге Земля), It connects connects connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands and okay well ties them together into into into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at at at um so 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after after after steering uh um feedback hasn't been detected for for for a period of time you know I mean and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made made made you know okay before the start of the quiz quiz quiz and made be available so so on all rounds rounds rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks and recreational recreational recreational well I mean facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Côte Côte Saint - Luc um well Public Library, one of of of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in um um um um 1656 after the fall of More Kingdom to to to Bhosales and very okay I mean soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton you you you know okay Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - - - hour - return I mean okay Crypt Lake trail trail trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, released, released, you know I mean was one of the the the rebel leaders in Wyatt's you know like rebellion, and and and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was chalmers was chalmers was born in Beith and and and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil okay like like like film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the war, the L class were involved in in in uh okay trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both both both I mean uh the east and west coasts before decommissioning decommissioning decommissioning in 1922 and 1923 okay um and were used in in in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) 1901) 1901) represented President so like Brigham Young of the Church of Latter Latter Latter - like uh day Saints and other church leaders leaders leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being I I I mean I mean the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good good good I mean well friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most uh uh uh so prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships amidships amidships you know like above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial arterial arterial you know you know embolism, include disturbed blood flow flow flow (such as in atrial I mean I mean fibrillation fibrillation fibrillation and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de john de john de Courcy, 35th 35th 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 you know you know know know -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title in in in you know like 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The The The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines it examines it examines the science, psychology, and and and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living in São Paulo he fell you know um um um in love with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, okay so so so who is engaged to Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked okay you you you know at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of much of much of her design was also also also re-used for the 'Street I mean you know Fighter' Fighter' Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a like uh uh uh fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg was well um raided by police but after Glasnost the the the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 the 2014 the 2014 NFL season the 95th 95th 95th regular season of like um the National Football League is is is tentatively set to um like begin Thursday, September 4, 4, 4, 2014, with the defending Super um okay Bowl champions champions champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's during Kitty's during Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up up up to her cabin with so like an injured Ben Ben Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish um um um um plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, like I mean mean mean housing cultural treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, times, times, the so I mean most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped um um um uh her family name of Jackman, using both of her her her okay you know remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI the DBTI the DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 1988 1988 comprised of 147 students who graduated like like from high high high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor incisor incisor teeth I mean you know for gnawing on on on wood, while the teeth of the giant okay um beaver beaver beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among like okay the the the members of the royal family which, along with the the the governorship like okay of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a a a reputation um you know for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to due to due to this, she could could could only show platonic love you know like to Hardin, which in in in turn shatters his heart and well um later turned over over over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting acting acting for um like another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due due due to I mean well script differences with the the the studio, and the director reiterated, ' okay I mean I I I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 1772 1772 until you know uh she returned to Spithead in in in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American well uh uh uh sketch comedy program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, 1885, 1885, okay okay and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since since since you know so any manufactured CBC can be configured configured configured for zero to four so I mean solid solid solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be be be you know um reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple simple simple and easy to I mean okay learn language, changes to the the the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released so so so I mean by the Bee Gees in 1967 on on on the Spin okay okay Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of of of the 15th um you know century and was popularized popularized popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander (1548 (1548 (1548 I mean uh -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural their inaugural their inaugural season was successful, finishing finishing finishing 4 - 2 okay like on the regular season season season and earning a berth in I mean well the Championship Championship Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg attributed his outspokenness uh so to his dismissal from from from FC Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, you you you know okay whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in in in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is well well well so a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays plays plays I mean like for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer currently currently currently well so serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast blast blast furnaces okay like at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 you you you know okay seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; it was recorded well um at Allaire Studios Studios Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of um I mean mean mean 'P. Kovachii' in kovachii' in kovachii' in the wild as as as it was found you know uh that one locality of 'P 'P 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to to to like so the Portland Trail Blazers for center center center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting the painting the painting was presented by by by him to President Kennedy in uh um 1963, through through through a letter, acknowledged the young artist with personal well I mean mean mean thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, Quick was a free daily daily daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was offered a new contract at the end end end of you know I mean the 2013 - 2014 season, season, season, after being with Cheltenham for okay uh 10 years, years, years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear appear appear the I mean well same, by God there is no no no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and and and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie like like like so Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, well I I I mean in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building is shaped to project the image image image of um like scales of justice with its centre - - - beam symbolised by you know well the central wing of the the the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, um I mean mean mean the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in in in West I mean well Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the on the on the opposite side of the road road road is so uh the well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a retired retired retired okay okay American mixed martial artist who fought for for for the UFC you know okay as a Middleweight, compiling a a a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation okay well well well of the insulation over many years of energised service service service I mean um and at present great interest in the electricity electricity electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in talks you you you know well with BBC to get Torchwood back on on on TV, the announcement um I mean came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which okay okay okay uh it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals and um um um uh 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, lewis' mother, lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played played played by Hattie Morahan and like uh his father, father, father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his um well well well step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though though though use well um of shims and padding can compensate compensate compensate for some changes, well I mean and the lessen pressure per per per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when so so he was was was appointed president of the Royal Audiencia of you know well Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, and after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has he has he has also written a contemporary contemporary contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes like um You See it Coming', Coming', Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', um well and he was was was the chief historical researcher on like I mean Harold Harold Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would would would so uh be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on on on you know um February 5 of that year, year, year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved moved moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells glenda tells glenda tells Angel she has a a a surprise for him um um and then Luli Luli Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January January January 22, 1962) um well was a Republican American politician politician politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney you know um General General General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, I mean uh and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, uh uh uh well located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group uh uh uh uh of the United States Air Force Force Force based out of like you know the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many many many different so like sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - - - known um um and popular personality among the residents of his his his hometown, uh like respected for his exploits as an an an All - American athlete like well and a judge on on on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the okay um exposure exposure exposure time, using a photographic film with a higher ISO ISO ISO rating, or, so um in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge huge huge volumes of copies have like um been made made made of the originals, which are no like um longer longer longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - like like like um Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait uh uh uh you know and subject painter, had a large practice practice practice in London, okay I mean and was a regular exhibitor exhibitor exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police Police Police Service and um uh it was him who encouraged encouraged encouraged Goodwin to learn the piano okay I mean from from from an early age which would eventually lead to I I I mean I mean him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from I I I mean like the novel, including the murder of its its its protagonist shortly um you know after a moment of of of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture architecture architecture during um like the nineteenth century in the city, the the the lighthouse was constructed okay like by François Coignet in 1869 1869 1869 one week before the inauguration I mean uh of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) 18741942) 18741942) is well uh a fictional character created by the the the author J. K. Stanford, a okay like British British British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in in in the like uh face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event so so so so held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and and and you know like remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold the album online through his site site site and you know I mean Myspace, as well as during during during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was was was you know um working on a PlayStation 3 title called called called 'inFamous', a sandbox well um game based on on on a futuristic world with more photorealistic so uh graphics, graphics, graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into into into so so Lila, and the two plan to reunite reunite reunite her with her so okay father and allow her her her to take back her place I mean um as as as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played his first pro season with their their their Class like okay A Anderson Braves in 1980, and and and his last with uh well the New York York York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian Empire Empire Empire I mean you know in the middle and and and late 13th century, most of the well so territory of of of present - day Albania became part of the the the so uh Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her you know know know okay during his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and well well well well when he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish Swedish Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain ryegrasses contain ryegrasses contain some species which are important important important grasses for well you know both lawns and as animal animal animal fodder, but also some weeds like okay that can have have have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the the the WWE SmackDown so you know Tag Team Championship Championship Championship was unveiled, and a tournament to crown like like like okay the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was it was it was at this this this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor uh um Coleridge Coleridge Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing like you you you know event was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on on on his okay I mean writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, Africa, Africa, well uh who works with the Triangle Project and is is is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an an an American educator, you know so born at Niantic, Niantic, Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage the four - wheel - drive system system system well you know the vehicle must be moving at a a a slow speed you know so less than 30 miles per per per hour, this is I mean okay only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually tends to make Jughead a bit bit bit jealous, and I mean you know she has even even even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, well well well you know where he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- um um um like 64 black Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', guitar', guitar', uh uh fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in okay okay okay um Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made uh uh the 1/3 1/3 1/3 betting favourite, quickly opened up a lead like like like like of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in in in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director director director Susan Williamson, like uh whom he married in 1965, 1965, 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label the label the label was initially intended only only only to release 12' singles, um so however as Lex Lex Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale you you you know okay of bonds, with the first issue issue issue planned to be uh I mean around $ $ $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort some effort some effort has been expended in in in an attempt to factor uh okay these numbers, but but but much remains unknown about their factorization; uh you know for for for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the uh I I I mean sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on on on their like um ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker Parker Parker County, Texas, uh you know assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, Paris, Paris, he seems like like to have acquired a vocational interest interest interest in becoming a clergyman, like so but after studying theology theology theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship ship ship um uh which is preserved as a museum ship ship ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, so like like like Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two decades decades decades so so Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but but but still maintained a you know uh loyal following from from from his Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells tells tells her well uh that they are not right for each other, prompting so so so like Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost foremost foremost 360 so um degree cinema marketing company in Malayalam in in in the year well okay 2014 and handles 100 % % % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television television television series you know well 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details details details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended jamison attended jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 1878 1878 -- 22 okay okay September 1957) was an Irish Irish Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, you know uh politician, and and and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 18 18 PCC I mean so streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Philadelphia, and later work um well has included restoring restoring restoring PCC cars for use on San okay so Francisco Francisco Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former former former okay well professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently recently recently played I mean so in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, okay you know is only one available Jain encyclopedia encyclopedia encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are so so so you know attracted to it by the capture capture capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of of of Chartres, excommunicated Geoffrey, um okay but on his deathbed, he he he became a monk like so at Tiron Sainte - Trinité Trinité Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic way, uh uh uh like like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can can can I find you? Ah, where ah, where ah, where are you hidden? ).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by by by 2016, in line like um with the ongoing draw draw draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in in in the area uh like are at Dihar -- by about about about 1000 BC chalcolithic so I mean people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori Māori Māori I mean like and Samoan descent and played rugby rugby rugby union until he was 14 - well um years - - - old, then making a switch to rugby league league league uh I mean with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often be be be avoided, you know so as their immediate area of of of influence was about okay well and their weapons had had had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is he is he is well known for his his his affiliation with the you know so West Coast division of of of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World like like Rap Championships in in in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position position position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, okay so so so on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i i i and um okay 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so so so it is advisable I mean like to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song song song as so you know a 'duet' in in in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with with with uh uh help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party Party Party of I mean so Michigan (USTPM) is a a a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, you know know know so also known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to to to Puerto okay um Rican parents at the age of of of ten Jimmy's family moved so like to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most you you you know uh populous urban areas in South - Africa, after after after well um Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial industrial industrial designer uh like who created the Ducati Monster, Monster, Monster, which is credited with popularizing like so the naked bike bike bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned burned burned his you know okay books in public in in in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée fiancée fiancée uh so Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking breaking breaking up okay okay and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's you you you know you know Center & Museum, a converted early early early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, okay um different different different sizes of polypeptides can be produced by alternative well well well I mean use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space and time are unified, the motion through space space space uh you know impacts time: time slows down down down for the person who I mean uh is moving but but but goes faster for the one who stands still; well well well okay which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of um um um like Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories in inventories in inventories of deceased clock clock clock makers, lantern clocks usually are okay okay simply simply simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or okay okay okay well just 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks clocks clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 ePs 1991 ePs 1991 - 2002 is a a a 5 - CD box well you know set which which which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between 1991 so so so so and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe uh I I I mean Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in in in okay so the first round of the playoffs in in in seven games, afterward okay okay Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet the sheet the sheet music may also indicate indicate indicate the name of the lyric - I mean like like like writer, if the lyrics are by a person other other other than like okay one of the songwriters or composers and and and the name of like so the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann however, McCann however, McCann was found guilty of of of the theft of two computer so so discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he he he um okay had met as an intern pastor in Colorado Colorado Colorado City, Texas, well you know and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to sources privy to the development at at at Scotland Yard, the so well information obtained from from from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain um okay has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is ben is ben is the son of Libby Libby Libby Kennedy and the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' by the the the 'Vancouver I mean well Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion wukang Mansion wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an an an apartment building at the so like southern end of of of Wukang Road, on the corner with Huaihai so I mean mean mean Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - Slovak Slovak Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking after picking after picking back up the project project project in 1998 recording started uh you know to begin and and and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in on like you know the the the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served served served as an uh so aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Dan Dan um uh Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one one one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, like like like uh losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was the second single from his worldwide so so so uh hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 uh um um um World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could could could like I mean also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or or or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, um you you you know and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed um um Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November okay okay okay okay 1965 ) is a Sudanese - born British British British well you know actor, known by the stage names names names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province province province latest census, uh so it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 21 21 October uh uh 1982) was a Norwegian jazz jazz jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk so okay singer, pilot pilot pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in like you you you know Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the the the influence of Post Punk, um like consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park the park the park offers a variety of of of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in in in uh um Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development as development as development progressed, some of of of the original ideas became okay so too difficult for for for the small team to complete; originally, the you know know know you know spider sequences were to be present near near near the end of well I mean the game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, spinifex, spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, like so etc. 4 to 6 rounded white white white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Big Big Adventure uh I mean 'featured a scene in which which which Pee - wee Herman knocks like like over a a a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the angered angered angered uh so bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on um I mean mean mean the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son son son of the you know so late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr Jr Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes 'Lulu' well okay Casas Casas Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built built built entirely well um on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi okay uh Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi big Boi big Boi included André 3000 3000 3000 in producing and co-writing like uh on four tracks tracks tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', I mean you you you know the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is he is he is also the Director Director Director of the Division of Policy uh like and Services Research Research Research at the Andrus Center, and okay uh is the director director director of the National Resource Center you know well on Supportive Supportive Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth peeth peeth I mean you know & also a place fromwhere fromwhere fromwhere Indian Standard Time okay um is measured, is is is about 20 km from this place and so like like like Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored his first goal for United in okay okay a a a 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at at at um okay Vale Park on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy to well well well uh locate in the night sky; if one one one finds um so Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a a a Motown okay like song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid I mean okay okay okay out in the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Geneva, Geneva, Wisconsin okay um and bolstered by his his his new found status, Nelson boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American American American uh well football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to to to be okay uh a messenger and prophet of God, and and and by most like like Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed handed handed a five year okay well jail term and remanded remanded remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed norris claimed norris claimed that Chipps had had had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in like like like I mean extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing subsidizing subsidizing supplies whose so like effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough enough enough to you know okay allow a modest reconstruction of of of his activities: he presided over so like legal disputes, issued a a a dispensation for an important like like irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and and and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and calls it it it I mean so an IOU and offers him a a a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released trullie released trullie released her debut EP, 'Self 'Self 'Self - Taught well um Learner', in February 2009 2009 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features like you know know know a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia well okay okay okay on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican uh like like like troops, and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the during the during the last decade parts of of of the area have I mean um seen a gentrification, gentrification, gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet many areas um I I I mean thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt I I I mean so Disney Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large you you you know um data sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio Ohio Ohio like I mean in 2009 to meet market demand by changing changing changing the rules well I mean of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law school, she was the managing editor editor editor at the so like Fordham Environmental Law Journal, Journal, Journal, and first gained notice as the so well moderator of a a a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest protest protest of the okay well entry of German troops into into into Ukraine and returned so I mean to the Kherson Zemstvo Zemstvo Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most like most like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the the the laser chip uh uh is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to to to stabilize the uh so temperature, and by making small adjustments adjustments adjustments to the uh I mean inside temperature of of of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and link and link and Zelda managed to to to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her well okay okay okay Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of of of Fire Services, a uh okay government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia militia militia launched I mean okay a mortar strike on on on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on uh I mean mean mean land, the First World War also saw the Battle of of of um um Jutland, the largest naval battle of the First First First World um so War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just you you you know you know past the turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football the football the football club was was was formed in 1872 and was operated uh you know by by by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging has made the sandbar sandbar sandbar easier to negotiate uh uh and the main channel has has has moved away from the um uh cliffs, removing removing removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well as off off off you know uh - topic, media, and graphic arts forums forums forums and on so um April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Motiur Motiur Motiur Rahman so uh suggested some of students to be be be active in this regard uh so to unite all all all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, since 1968, since 1968, a total of of of 129 medals have been stripped, which um well the vast vast vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions therefore had a diverse range of different different different like okay peoples and were, to some some some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most most most recently on um you know March 4, 2007, emitting emitting emitting a 1. 5 km high plume uh like like like of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms so so so like on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active active active you know you know service on 10 April 1885 which which which served with Middleton's column well uh of the North West West West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, is is is a uh okay high melting white solid used used used in high - temperature uh okay systems (for its its its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a so so so like loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at at at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of well so so so letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) 1956) 1956) was uh uh a U. S. Political figure who who who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know also know also know across the parish parish parish as the 'Almost like you know Capital of the World' for for for always having an excuse well you know on their their their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable like you know know know Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least 18 years years years old, and a um um separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a a a okay uh servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious obnoxious obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and some call call call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician uh okay okay okay from the Sunni Arab community, and member of well so so so Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of of of like well Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in in in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School in well well well I mean Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and and and 'well uh um - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings um um um I mean and encompassed with a fence of of of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are many all - weather pitches throughout throughout throughout Milton okay well Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - vP - vP - 6 deployed to NAS NAS NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles rifles rifles so well firing solid shot, however proved to be be be fouling after um so 2 - 3 rounds and and and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company company company she um uh co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' the 'Investigations' series has less less less repetition of material from year so okay to year, year, year, and more contexts that are designed to you know know know I mean be engaging to students as they make connections connections connections among okay uh mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, coach, coach, um like Brian Smith was sacked, and then - assistant assistant assistant coach well okay Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to you know uh uh uh Rome and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, you know know know I mean is still elected as is every other sheriff sheriff sheriff in so well the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey hockey hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's busiest busiest busiest places okay well to gather for programs and meetings, serving serving serving over 950, 000 okay like visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported like uh uh uh 12 killed, 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to to to okay um the fence, his friends Walt Boulden Boulden Boulden and um um Alex Trout began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district district district represented um you know in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local local local people well um have reportedly made a habit of of of killing these spiders okay so in a nearly nearly nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July July July 1915 like um as part of the 57th Brigade in in in the 19th (Western) um like Division, and saw its first first first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age 115 and and and I mean okay 42 days in Candé, Maine - et et et - um I mean Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was he was he was named the seventh seventh seventh Bishop of you know you know Harrisburg on November November November 10, 1983, and then um um the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini Lorenzini Lorenzini changes career I mean uh and begins luring unruly children to to to pleasure island, like I mean where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also on on on okay okay full display, but the album is most most most remarkable well um for the intimacy of the performance, with Van Van Van Zandt taking um so the stage alone and accompanying accompanying accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but there is no no no well um penalty for failure to comply with it and and and it I mean you know is not widely enforced -- -- -- indeed, the U. S okay okay. Supreme Court has ruled that that that punitive enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan so okay okay okay was removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS I I I mean I mean NOT and replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Inspector Inspector Colin Sutton um well - the officer responsible for for for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was he was he was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking okay okay okay um about and spending time with the creature (played (played (played by Chris you know well Fleming) or imaginary friend, the the the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for for for okay okay the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks shipwrecks shipwrecks in like so the South Pacific, including including including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy heavy heavy - I mean like duty transit buses from from from 31 - feet to 60 - I mean I mean mean mean feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his his his uh uh best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at at at okay um one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the by the by the events portrayed portrayed portrayed in it is established that uh like Ace has has has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to um so so so collect more equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting starting starting material so like is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, solvents, solvents, merely by allowing so so it to evaporate evaporate evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive so you you you know schools in the world and represents one of of of um you know the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and and and Robert so well Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and and and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, unlike Persian, unlike Persian, which has lost lost lost almost all forms of uh I mean declensions, Pashto still still still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a holiday holiday holiday you know well retreat in England and named the the the town he surveyed after so okay the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, engineering, engineering, uh I mean and natural sciences, a function of of of a real variable is well like a function whose domain is the the the real numbers ℝ, um well more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of well okay doing doing doing this; the potential predator may desist when it uh okay knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, well I I I mean portrays Ciara in Malibu, California featuring featuring featuring a male actor who so well she is in in in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings fantastic beings fantastic beings crawl or leap here here here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law this law this law means that hundreds hundreds hundreds if not thousands of hours I you know well well well put into going to places and taking pictures of of of monuments uh so and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
While the while the while the American cities prospered, prospered, prospered, the vast migration from rural uh uh areas and continued to to to neglect the US agriculture industry created you know so so so widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout the decade decade decade and would you know you know later be blamed blamed blamed as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron Akron Akron to own a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, neighborhood, neighborhood, uh like for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route state Route state Route 3 Alternate (SR (SR (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film the film the film was a US box - - - office failure you know um and many reviews, particularly those for for for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, well I I I mean led by Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock deadlock deadlock produced um you know in the January general election, but but but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and and and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement settlement settlement before 1900 like uh. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the the the I mean like 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, okay okay okay um Hungary and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s 1970s 1970s based uh okay on the fact that marginalized minorities minorities minorities were begin to participate and um um perform, it was was was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team so you you you know play in a new arena in San Francisco, I I I mean well but the arena never came to fruition, fruition, fruition, and the um uh Seals played in the the the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved um um um I mean his cousin from a dog attack and and and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on well well well you know either bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on on on the uh okay west bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Vadakkeshwaram Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her interviews Soberano said she would like to to to pursue so so a degree in Psychology course but in October October October 2016, she well so confirms that will be studying studying studying at Southville International School affiliated uh you know with with with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties um um um okay Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, Tipperary, Tipperary, I mean I mean and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 17 17 you know uh but found lectures 'awful', and left in in in 1978 without graduating to well um attend the California California California Institute of Technology, the following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army Army Army uh um was named interim President of the Citadel, Citadel, Citadel, The um well Military College of South Carolina in in in August 1980 and well you know then selected as as as the 16the President by unanimus vote well okay of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of of of you know um heavy agave crowns, men helped, although although although the men's job um like is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin uh okay okay okay at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current in current in current studies it has been determined determined determined that epiphytic bacteria I mean uh generally don't don't don't harm the plant, but promote the formation formation formation so uh of ice crystals, and some produce produce produce an auxin hormone which um okay promotes plant growth growth growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary the Secretary the Secretary General attends to to to the coordination of the well okay activities of of of the UAI, follows the progress of the um uh various various various projects and supports the Bureau in its handling um um um um of the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was he was he was promoted the the the 14th of February 1807, Colonel well like of the 96th 96th 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée like I mean and and and made officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' ' ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn Penn Penn State and I mean well graduated in 1991 the creator creator creator and executive producer uh um of two design - centric centric centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October on October on October 2nd 2006 Eircom Eircom Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to well like Smart Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves khansaheb moves khansaheb moves to the haweli haweli haweli with his daughter Zareena when um so they come to to to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer Federer Federer were ranked No so like. 1 and No No No. 2, respectively, 2, respectively, 2, respectively, which was was was the first time like I mean since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian uh uh uh uh painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in in in Alameda I mean I mean County, California, United States States States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released when released when released it was designed as two two two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the servers shutting shutting shutting down so okay in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating stating stating that the servers okay so would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two two two - so well legged football fixture which took place place place on Wednesday, like uh June 27 and July 4 between Boca Boca Boca Juniors of Argentina and um well Corinthians of Brazil Brazil Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed signed signed to um you know Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Yoshinori Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, I mean well guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back pay, but but but I mean okay only after signing a sworn affidavit affidavit affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 1000 1000 New uh you know Orleans musicians back after Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and like um acquiring over a quarter million million million dollars worth of top so um shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each presenting presenting presenting so like a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave leave leave well well the mall, closing its doors in in in 1993; this store you know you know was soon soon soon demolished for a Wal - Mart like uh store store store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp camp camp uh I mean prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track track track um well was used where one side heavily banked, and included included included obstacles you know so such as the 'Wall of of of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) like like like uh has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University well well well I mean that occurs in March, often in the the the week before Spring okay you know Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there there there is uh uh no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', which seems to well so derive purely from the the the first letter of his you know so monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was was was occurring and like I mean by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend legend legend like so due to the absence of manuscripts or or or sufficient archaeological finds from so I mean those times; however, however, however, Zagreb does have much recorded history, displaying okay like a a a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad is told from the perspective of of of a you know okay soldier who has fought in in in many bloody battles only uh okay to return home to to to England as a beggar asking a I mean like man man man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated she graduated she graduated in modern history from from from the University okay okay of Florence and writes predominantly predominantly predominantly on Israel and so I mean the Arab - Israeli Israeli Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably probably probably the biggest touch you know like screen display ever ever ever used in a Philippine television show as um I mean well well well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second Easter Cup in December that year was was was hosted you know you know by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became he became he became a summon gem, and he he he aided Sora and his um I mean friends whenever they needed needed needed him, in the end the door um you know know know to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for you know well well well this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a as a as a child, he observed that that that Southerners were I mean uh often depicted as being being being less intelligent than other characters on okay I mean scripted scripted scripted television; to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself himself himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used used used I mean well by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge gorge gorge walking can I mean you know be dangerous dangerous dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller so so so um - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game the game the game is similar to other other other fighters but features 3D you know okay environments and and and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of of of Novara, like uh and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated undefeated undefeated streak like okay to 5 - 0 and defeated defeated defeated Anadolu Efes 77 um um - 64, and became became became undisputed leader of group C. Marko well okay popovič made made made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections projections projections so you know (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular paraventricular paraventricular nuclei of the well well hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred and thirty - two books later, she she she is still uh well writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Mega Mega um uh Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own own own Illinois Lotto (6 okay okay balls out of 52) with with with a smaller seven / um um eight - - - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative Creative Creative like you know Designing in the most Creative and Innovative Innovative Innovative way so I mean. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and and and played you know uh four years of college soccer soccer soccer at Drexel University, before you know like being drafted drafted drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her her her uh well relationship to them as as as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they you know I mean also also also had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of you know know know I mean ModelMayhem. Com users by warning users of of of online sexual uh so predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable and and and usually you know well resembles the substrate, which makes makes makes it well - well I mean camouflaged when when when stationary but more visible when it moves like uh about, about, about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint um like like like Committee on Federal Relations, a member of the Joint um you you you know Committee on Welfare Reform, a member of the Joint Joint Joint Advisory you know well Committee on Legislative Data Data Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is acharavi is acharavi is a placement in the the the northern coast of well uh Corfu, Greece, that belongs belongs belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, in 1994, in 1994, a campus located near near near Hillcroft and the Southwest okay okay Freeway was purchased, and and and in 1999, the college became nationally um so accredited through through through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey prey prey such well I mean as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of the the the Pacific I mean uh and graduated in 1928, continued his studies studies studies at the I mean uh Eastman School of Music Music Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin okay okay okay okay and a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while while while like you know seated in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling so so so you know contract in 1921, but, in part due to okay okay okay um the costs of rebranding, the price of Coca - - - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on on on August um well 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his his his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned small businessman, businessman, businessman, um like who owned a Spaza shop popular with uh well well well black mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Patrice Patrice Motsepe um you know learnt basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, Milan, Milan, Italy um you know in 1790, generously on loan to to to him from the German foundation well um Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben since he was named a prize winner so um um um in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced replaced replaced I mean so with Television X Pay - Per - Night well well well so on Sky and on the same day day day it was taken off like you know of Virgin Media Media Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), I I I mean uh which was fought as the contest of of of succession between I mean um Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a well I mean mean mean defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star co-star co-star 'Jake', like so prospect for gold in various locations locations locations in the U. S. , okay so and teach viewers to to to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when um um um so her editor Robert Loomis challenged her to to to write 'Caged like well Bird', she has been best best best known for her uh you know autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to to to okay uh parents of what their child is is is doing on social I mean uh media sites is a a a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst its worst its worst - case time complexity is, but but but like like on average its performance is or even depending on uh uh uh okay the random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and and and Harrogate I mean well College and became the youngest youngest youngest Mayor in the country in okay like 1985 at the the the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti sunil Bharti sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) 1957) 1957) is an Indian like um telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Robert S. Robert S. Huff (born September September September 9, 1953) is a U you know um. S S S. Politician, s. Politician, s. Politician, who is a Republican member of of of the well so California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate Senate Senate District, okay um which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors have used I I I mean um the character, sometimes with great results results results -- for example, so like the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd um um um I mean 2003 against Philly San at at at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 pair 9400 pair 9400 - 9401 was was was stored at the you know okay Corona Yard for for for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a common so so so you know symptom, and may even be be be the third most common trigger well you know to to to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the knowing the knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop stop stop Jerry like well from doing so, but Jerry just just just pats him on like um the head again, then then then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker so I mean inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology so so so so Group in 1986, Pito Salas invented a next next next - generation well okay spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities of this pheromone can can can be used per acre I mean I mean of land land land to confuse male insects about the like okay location of of of their female partners, it can thus serve as as as I mean like a lure in traps to effectively effectively effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it um um um uh was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned feigned feigned I mean so an artillery bombardment of Pathet Lao Lao Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and you know you know PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - like you know know know free resultant which it is useful both conceptually and practically, practically, practically, well well because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he was was was awarded you know um the Medal of Honor for for for his actions at the Colmar well so Pocket and always always always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in like you you you know Wales, which is part of the military is wholly wholly wholly Govenment funded so well and has primary responsibility for for for aircraft crashes on well well high ground, but also also also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's the church's the church's interior is decorated decorated decorated with marble and I mean I mean a staircase leads leads leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band band band from Cincinnati, so um Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple the pineapple the pineapple ( ( ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical plant with um um um so edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science the Science the Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) (SOF) (SOF) is an educational foundation well okay and a non-profit organisation based in in in New Delhi, India which uh like promotes science, science, science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of okay okay okay well his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d d d. 1942) was um I mean a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and and and after 1919 an official um uh of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Martin Martin Luther like um King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have Have Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a a a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its its its uh uh architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of of of the few you know um places that it is is is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's the song's the song's lyrics and and and music was written by Boby you know okay Burke and Horace Horace Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and so so so so manipulate those who were also depicted with Pandorum I mean mean mean like to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain brain brain. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left left left corner represents you know well the lower right right right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for excellence uh you you you know while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a a a ConferenceBike so I mean that was donated by Eric Staller's father, father, father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 like like like like in Chicago, IL and has since been revised so okay okay okay seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat announced announced announced 'iChat announced 'iChat AV', a I mean um new new new version of IChat, based on the industry - I mean mean mean um standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the the the you know so first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in in in well like commercial operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, she has been chair of the like like like well Tate Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Nelson Nelson Chan um I mean ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) ) ) to create a three like okay part short film film film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV TV TV so uh in 2008, while studying for her her her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is is is a airplane with um um no power source, which is is is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for for for Migration uh okay suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 25, 25, 000 Sudanese are like so living in London, whilst a fairly fairly fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds crowds crowds so I mean packing in to watch legendary coach coach coach Gay Kintner chase his well you know fourth state title title title at the helm of the Stephen you know uh Decatur Decatur Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is about so so so okay a young boy, who dies and then so like like like his favourite math teacher observes, that he hardly knew knew knew him, uh like he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from American so so so you know country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' 'Fireflies' 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, blankets, blankets, so um and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the time, many people did not know their like like like you know actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is the third largest city in the I mean uh uh uh Eastern Province, after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing of two um um um well majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by by by um so an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is is is an American actress, so um singer and 'Dancing with the the the Stars' season 20 um um winner, the oldest daughter of of of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Knowles Knowles Hornbrook um like who helped him with his work, acting acting acting I mean I mean as a skilled technician, and and and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending tending tending to a well like sickly Maid Marian who is is is pregnant and ill. Belle so so persuades Rumplestiltskin not to to to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending after attending after attending Dartmouth College, he became became became associated with the okay well Bishop Museum and spent spent spent the next 60 years roaming the I mean okay Pacific, Pacific, Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft aircraft aircraft well well at his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made he made he made his debut as as as a half - time I mean like substitute for for for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away away away draw you know uh with Exeter City on on on 8 March 2014 before being okay uh recalled by by by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge scavenge scavenge what you know okay he can on a beached ship, ship, ship, leaving his I mean you know son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and and and okay so 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is is is a parody of the uh okay 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique contribution to to to his well well family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Managing Managing um you know Editor and before that, Editor of the the the FT's Continental European um like edition (2000 - 2002), 2002), 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing is in the apical half of the like uh uh uh cell and short apically truncate streaks in the the the interspaces beyond I mean so white; these broad streaks broad broad broad are divided only by the uh like black veins, followed followed followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations operations operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that that that um uh usually involves closing or holding the arms around around around the neck, um um back, or waist of another person; person; person; if more than two like uh persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not continue continue continue so so their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with like like like um added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition so so so like and pH. Invertases and invertases and invertases and s s s into honey by a process I mean okay of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) 1962) 1962) is a like you know former water polo polo polo player who won a silver medal for okay I mean the the the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where where where her so okay daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks breaks breaks down entirely like okay on the highway, even going so so so far as to stop so you know on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for uh okay his his his own ends while the original Heat attempted to protect so so so like her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while while while linked uh well to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and and and you know like the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the the the state well well would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and and and like uh they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 188 188 like I mean A. D. In 187 B. C he he he che che wrote 'Education of the uh well Rural Poor' which which which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker uh I mean mean mean culture named after the shape of their typical typical typical clay vessels, okay so which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there is little to no information information information regarding um okay possibly one of the greatest taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy firms in the well I mean world, apart from P P P. A. Morris' studies, the okay so Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, jaggery, jaggery, you know like and cooked by wrapping and steaming in in in turmeric you know um leaves. Konkani people prepare patolyos on on on the second uh okay Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic Icelandic Icelandic like like footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa Africa Africa so um and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born you you you know you know in Ireland, he enlisted in the United United United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, kids, kids, two cats so you know and a mortgage making making making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants wants wants so you know to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb Tide', uh uh it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield you you you know you know Parrish, who designed and built his his his estate, the Oaks, in like I mean the area, area, area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording recording recording artist you know like Nicki Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act the Act the Act was was was repealed in 1962, but by this time, I mean mean mean well much of the language and traditions had had had been either corrupted so you know or lost, but a a a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte acolyte acolyte you know okay chosen to serve and accompany Odrade Odrade Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane you know I mean mean mean and Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on on on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris raheem Morris raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) 1976) 1976) is the former well like head coach and defensive defensive defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a a a restriction in you know you know large ground - - - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse adverse adverse well I mean effects from water fluoridation because studies studies studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out of uh uh uh you know high school, and began working as a a a gas station I mean you know attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked like like like well for follow - up action to the president president president of the like okay college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, okay okay okay so From 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 135 135 okay you know flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and and and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine however, Francine however, Francine Francine Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and okay I mean mean mean express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, though well you you you know they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download on on on 3 June well I mean 2010 and was released as as as the third and so like final single from 'Sigh 'Sigh 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves Greaves Greaves and you know I mean George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions so uh uh uh League a record of 13 times uh um and and and they are second overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, 1986, 1986, so okay lasting seven issues, and it filled an an an important role at um well the time, time, time, giving new creators a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets and collaborations both on stage stage stage and um uh in the studio with other other other artists have been extensive and he so um has worked worked worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, um um um I mean Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former was one of the 48 constellations listed you know like like like by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić Hristić Hristić okay so (née Joanides), was the mother of son of of of King Milan Obrenović, uh I mean George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', um um um uh the show can be seen for thirty minutes and and and okay um competes with another half - hour production production production airing at uh so the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, that that that I mean you know in the nativity scene the statue of of of the baby Jesus shows you know um him him him standing and there are three crosses depicted I mean so so so with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with with with some so okay of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching well so the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was was was formed you know so and a year later it it it was renamed the Carolina Mountain Land like I mean Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy and has expanded its area of focus to include include include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church um um um like in Blackpool, while in the Lake District village village village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational and you know know know like academic courses which can be taken at various academic like like like okay and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health okay okay okay uh and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three so um um um - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of of of the four you know you know year maximum as it allotted him the the the option of seeking so well a new contract contract contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under you know know know um the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis like um um um Khan, had again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from from from uh uh the Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve to achieve to achieve this, this, this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes um you you you know of the city, including Native American, art deco, like like like uh and contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling swirling swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass bass bass players and would okay okay have been lost when it it it nearly met its end well like in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, so so so uh United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, football, football, the so so code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the the the University of okay you know Southern California in in in 1948, established his golf course architecture well okay practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents fernandes' parents fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the the the 1960s from Kenya and uh okay Mauritius, her mother mother mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their their their career well so opportunities these students expect that a a a degree from a I mean uh prestigious college in the the the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still well well well um produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear nuclear nuclear reactors and you know uh the vast majority is generated generated generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service okay okay okay uh as HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; ship; ship; when so um she came to be broken up enthusiasts enthusiasts enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in um you you you know 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a a a linguist and you know you know previous Professor Professor Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep operation Deep operation Deep Water was a 1957 1957 1957 NATO naval exercise so uh held in the Mediterranean Sea that that that also involved the first units you know uh uh uh of the United States Marines Corps to participated participated participated in like okay a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by by by Mark okay um Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage Cage Cage as Johnny uh I mean Blaze / Ghost Rider, Blackheart Blackheart Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley okay um as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a a a you know you know New Zealand politician and leader leader leader of the populist New Zealand I mean so First First First party which he founded in 1993, and served I I I mean um as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC the MCC the MCC were now now now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and made you know like like like the highest score of his career, his 307 okay okay beating beating beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the location of of of the um I mean bandstand demolished during the second world world world war, and as I mean well part of the park park park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible loan responsible loan responsible for for for building the caliph's I mean I mean palace, fits another another another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 caligiuri's 2006 caligiuri's 2006 state senate senate senate victory was a rare bright you know uh spot spot spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the like like like well 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 75 75 million uh okay and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving after leaving after leaving the the the Black Panther Party for Self - um I mean Defense Defense Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on so you you you know her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually um um um um returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most but most but most of them speak speak speak the local Oromo, Harari uh okay or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, klein Bonaire, klein Bonaire, the small island in in in the sheltered lee I mean well of the Bonaire, has has has the same geological history, and while Bonaire um you know know know at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's you know know know okay surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on December December December okay like 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in in in the okay like North East of England and Scotland, Scotland, Scotland, in addition you know um to a lot of non-Buddhist non-Buddhist non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, okay um including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten ( ( ( I mean so 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city was founded in the early 20th century, century, century, and so you know since the 1980s has been continually continually continually enlarged by okay I mean Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of of of Oregon, the well you know early economic orientation orientation orientation of Lake County was toward um you know know know California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San Francisco I I I mean uh Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled you you you know uh from her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside um like like like the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea the idea the idea behind the high class health health health care institution okay uh in Pakistan was conceived in in in New York, USA in the you know well mid of of of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, you know you you you know the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held so so so okay Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land land land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business business business I mean well office with several windows and a a a fireplace used by Dr. This so this so this this this so okay also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' Ta' Ta' like I mean Xbiex, also back then part part part of Sliema, by the uh so same Testaferrata family but was was was demolished in 1989 and the uh like exact exact exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October October October 23, okay well 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, newspaper, newspaper, after the uh okay paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney I mean well currently currently currently teaches at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her uh uh uh um lover, and used her as a messenger, asking her to to to you know you know make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of sections of sections of the press thought he he he should remain England well like captain, but he he he was replaced as Test captain like like by Jardine, Jardine, Jardine, who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose chose chose you know okay Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, his father, his father, a former semi-pro soccer soccer soccer player, is well well from Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek Greek Greek heritage like I mean through her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in in in the feed industry like I mean where it refers refers refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability 'ability 'ability to maintain uh well a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed captain captain captain in so like the newly formed U. S. Navy Navy Navy in 1794, and um well during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, lamballe (, lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is is is a town and like um commune of north - western western western France, in the well um 'département' of Côtes - - - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Province (Iraq), you know uh roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: schools: schools: like you know the School of Medicine, School of of of Nursing, and School of Health like okay Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace well well well so imposes its presence on its surroundings in an an an expression so I mean of the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character of the the the uh okay same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Carmine Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent silent silent films, silhouettes uh um have been used to dramatic dramatic dramatic effect in many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and and and you know so retail trade sector have 13 13 13 % of the population working within okay you know each which, which, which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger Roger Roger I mean okay were all aboard the balloon; balloon; balloon; the two adults died when so like the balloon balloon balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Tilleard well well well okay Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in in in 1906 at okay so a cost of of of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded loaded loaded with I mean like a special 'god - killing' killing' killing' bullet (the kind that okay so was used to kill Orion) Orion) Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or so so not the the the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Heinz Heinz uh like Berggruen whom she met in the city, she she she um um and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is bash is bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about about about um so Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg um well well well is loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook well well well uh Farm' and tells the story of a talented orphan's orphan's orphan's trials well okay and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super current Super current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Trevor Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy um so Group 1 Champion in in in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video game game game so I mean for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, Atlus, Atlus, published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of San um um um you know Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins and father um um of Brenda Jenkins, and the the the entire Jenkins' clan like like lives in a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to prior to prior to the start start start of the 2009 season with so you know the Bayhawks, Bayhawks, Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was uh well unable unable unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February in February in February 1944, the 2/48th 2/48th 2/48th was withdrawn back to uh well Australia along with the the the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane like like on 20 February, February, February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view view view of so uh the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed pre-programmed pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects I mean okay had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C) C) C). Emporer well um Jing established an administration in Dangyang on on on an areas of 2000 like like square km. In In In 1988 in 1988 in 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love with like like like well Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, items, items, um I mean which is originated, used for raising raising raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- -- -- well I mean actor and former Governor of California as as as host; the like well show's former host, Donald Trump, stated stated stated he opted to so I mean leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they there they there they met up with Captain Captain Captain Archibald Gillespie of the U well uh. S. Marines, s s s. Marines, s. Marines, who had recently been driven driven driven out of like okay Los Angeles, brought a a a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was was was active in well okay the late 11th and and and early 12th centuries, and is classified so I mean as as as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined well well well so the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded I I I mean you know the Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island the island the island has working coast artillery artillery artillery guns on like um it but unbeknowst to the authorities, authorities, authorities, the convicts can not okay uh access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United okay you you you know Kingdom, are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was was was a founder and uh uh the first senior bishop of of of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church in you know know know like America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted he converted he converted to Christianity from Islam Islam Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the number number number of seats uh I mean controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and like so so so appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the uh uh uh like Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, um um um so swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being being being so um you know weak can't open the lip gloss; gloss; gloss; in a montage of okay so clips showing showing showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, etc so uh. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse robert Muse robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced replaced replaced uh okay by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 1960 1960 -- so well 61 season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Arao, also known as as as Ford Arao, is a you know I mean Filipino Filipino Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word the word the word 'Burdock' was collected as as as a geographic place name so okay between 1976 and and and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He was not awarded as Best Actor of of of the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the from the from the 1880s until until until 1915 up to 2 million Jews left you know like like like Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove drove drove the well um chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward okay okay okay well Penley 'Shortly after the team published its first results results results in I mean I mean 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Florey, Florey, Chain's head of you know like department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or you you you know I mean meteorite impact event located in between or or or to okay okay the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of um like like like induced values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 (1875 (1875 uh okay - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was eighteen years old when his father so you know know know died, and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn learn learn book like like - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, farming, farming, but soon disgraced so um himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, um okay while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided land land land and the so um cemetery although it is is is now officially called 'St Mary's so uh Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in well well well uh 1964 and entered Michigan State University, where he was editor editor editor so I mean - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace palace palace owned like okay by Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Baku, Baku, Azneft Square, you know okay Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in in in 1956; so I mean nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores by okay okay okay um the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most common common common you know I mean compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and so so so so disarms Goodspeed, but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse defuse defuse like okay the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington antony Barrington antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 (13 (13 July 1927 -- 24 January 2012) like I I I mean was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a a a police like I mean service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach 179 Sandbach Sandbach Sandbach 179 Sandbach The first so well animals were born in in in the water, by the well you know influence influence influence of the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The uh you you you know human being was supposed by Anaximander to have have have sprung well well from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the however the however the other famous church is is is the protest church named um okay 'Iglesia de Piedra' Piedra' Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Theatre you know you know on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially officially officially on October 9, okay you know 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in I mean mean mean so 1964 the Department of English and continued there, there, there, in 1983 uh you know became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, sulfide, sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat is close hauled, with with with the sail set um I mean at, for example, 15 ° ° ° relative to like you know the apparent wind, the effect effect effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for well well well like any page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a a a so um colourless to white (although often coloured by by by impurities, like iron substituting for so um aluminum) fibrous to needle needle needle - like aluminium sulfate I mean you know mineral often found found found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the you you you know you know town has held it every year since; however, however, however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 55 55 A reportedly well okay cruel ruler; he had great pride pride pride of himself and uh I mean used to burn whoever opposes him him him with fire, he okay well was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases chitinases chitinases related to um you know their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Horton Horton okay I mean Plains in the Central Highlands which have have have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed BART's BART's BART's policies uh okay and procedures in the process of of of overseeing the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life to to to I mean like Live' all - time romantic romantic romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps um well In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during during during the well okay life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number of um um adherents of Islam Islam Islam has lived in Asia and specially like so South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are there are there are dozens puzzles to to to solve that open approximately um well 50 locked doors, doors, doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the the the fifth uh you know series of 'The X X X Factor Australia', covered it in his debut so like like like self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the so uh uh uh high jump behind Irving Baxter of the United States, I I I mean so and the bronze medal in the long long long jump behind Alvin I mean okay Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, Prinstein, Prinstein, he also finished fourth place well like in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles race Struggles race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Koditschek, Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - Jua, Helen okay you you you know A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The Committee for for for the uh okay Protection of the Foreign Born aided aided aided in securing the right well um of a number of of of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak in well well well so Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it it it um like may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, 2880, 2880, though the um I mean mean trajectory passes many millions millions millions of kilometers from Earth, so uh so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the the the uh you know books sell more than a million copies copies copies annually, several new you know I mean volumes are published published published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you do you do you know what it means not not not to know okay I mean what to do? do do ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the informant uh uh uh so was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he so so so you know ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was the the the well so first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards soon soon soon abandoned so um it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried tried tried BRD, well um and another editor attempted a partial rollback, rollback, rollback, and an RfC, then okay uh when that that that didn't work, we worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high - - - speed okay uh chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping shopping shopping center, which ultimately ends okay I mean with the the the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville the Dunnville the Dunnville Terriers are a Junior Junior Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have terraces okay okay okay um or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer producer producer for FM like so Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - um um um like 1860) in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the okay okay okay well couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based in in in well so Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - well well well well class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English so so so okay actress, best known for her role as as as Miss Moneypenny like you know in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in well uh New New New York City, United States; however, the brand uh well is is is far more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 he took his family with him him him to the like um mines at Burjassot near Valencia, Valencia, Valencia, returning the next year okay um to to to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison prison prison you know you know which was the site site site of abuse and executions of political like um dissidents under Saddam Saddam Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse of prisoners you know well well well by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated as translated as translated into English, 'Tishbite' is is is the demonym for um so Tishbe: the demonym is predicated predicated predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 1976 1976 in Connersville, Indiana) so I mean is an American American American actor who is perhaps best known for okay you know know know his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators Decorators Decorators okay well and Designers Association in 1966 and after after after merging with well you know the International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening the opening the opening of the new arena was attended attended attended by over uh you know 17, 000 people, who paid paid paid up to $ 50 you know you know know know for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, Morgan, Morgan, the uh um Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian football you know um running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming well well well uh 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government government government policy documents; less well uh impact has been noted noted noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October so I I I mean 28, 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault Hault Hault so well de Lassus de St. Vrain, was a a a major fur like well trader near Taos, New New New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is marxism is marxism is a form of fascism, fascism, fascism, i. E. A doctrine um well which originates originates originates in the degradation of the individual whose you you you know you know elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas whereas whereas Capitalism substitutes economic uh uh entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can be represented by a certain certain certain like so fuzzy set. One might one might one one one might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, like I I I mean a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed like like like like live on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer who so I mean played in the 1930s, playing at at at representative level for England, okay you know and at at at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately approximately approximately forty like okay square mile town twent - four hours hours hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through through through the okay okay Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), 1870), 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the despite the despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a a a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green the Green the Green Memorial Hospital Hospital Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, I I I mean like who played a key role during the freedom movement, movement, movement, was closely I mean I mean associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family well I I I mean was first recognized by the crown during the the the reign like so of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International International International like okay Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace peace peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev Rev Rev. George uh george uh george uh so Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied lobbied lobbied I mean well repeatedly for it: it seems that he he he was actually promised uh I mean a return return return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served in well well well well the Confederate Army or not, tradition states that um um um well he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major major major so like party presidential nominee, but lost the election to to to um so Barack Obama by 332 -- 206 electoral votes votes votes I mean I mean and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has she has she has been coached by by by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) I mean I mean is a retired Swedish ice hockey hockey hockey player who played two well like seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke out in September September September 1939 like so Ireland was in no position to become become become involved, in fact okay uh some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of the the the uh okay infectious disease and public health community, in in in the US um you know particularly their professional organizations organizations organizations like the IDSA, the I mean okay PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry sir Henry sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 10, 10, 1615) like um was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May May May like well 2017) was an American former competition swimmer, American American American Olympic champion, I mean so last surviving Olympic champion of of of Berlin, former world record - uh I mean holder, holder, holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match the match the match was also the the the last to be covered on so okay the original original original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down okay I mean that that that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New New New Zealand) like like is a New Zealand professional basketball player player player who currently so you know plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court hardwick Court hardwick Court Farm is a a a large farm in Chertsey, okay so Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 1883 1883 by you know uh the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the the the Trinity schoolroom, in okay um West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little very little very little has been documented about this this this breed, and so well they are not a recognized pure - - - breed in uh uh the Australian Canine Council, however however however Old Farmers and so you know specialist breeders breeders breeders keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife I I I mean I mean Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, Haiti, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an in an in an interview with 'The 'The 'The New York Times', Noah so I mean likened Stewart to 'a 'a 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart you know like gave gave gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that that that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the roger, the roger, the eldest son and and and always Aristide's favourite, is a so well failure as as as businessman and has steered the catering business bestowed bestowed bestowed you know you know to him by his father to the the the brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he did not have a chance uh uh uh like to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of um um um okay return (ERR) is a rate of return used in in in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined like like like so with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought sought sought out um uh bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances appearances appearances and has been you know um featured in in in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles uh uh uh um on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the the the you know um final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de de de la Vienne well um and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island the island the island supports a small population population population that has been whaling like okay for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him you you you know you know aboard the 'Black Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, I mean so and and and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the in the in the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before (Before (Before January 2012), the well so product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh Welsh Welsh well well television, film, stage and voice actress who graduated graduated graduated I mean like from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has been noted to be hostile to I I I mean you know some of his subject material; for for for example, his treatment of I mean I mean Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type 'Right Type 'Right Type of Mood' is is is a song written and so so performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented represented represented in well you know the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed believed believed like uh to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty dynasty dynasty in the well you know fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted woods contacted woods contacted Crowther and received received received his permission to make you know like an improved improved improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton chris Bruton chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is is is a well I mean Canadian professional ice hockey player, player, player, who is currently so I mean playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards colleen McEdwards colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is is is a Canadian anchor uh okay for CNN International, based based based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in in in Malta which um so also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes he pushes he pushes the the the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's daughter okay okay okay you know then wlks under the decking and Alex Alex Alex imtandly follows after a gun shot uh I mean is is is heard when she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application application application Less Annoying okay like CRM, also known as as as LACRM which is a customer um well relationship management management management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the the the Highlands and like okay rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop Bishop Bishop John Geddes, a so I mean well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough uh uh uh um of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid him in his fight against the well well well you know four fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy toy toy armies so you know made of captured human souls souls souls (that were considred bad) that well like would raised raised raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first united's first united's first internationals were were were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham who both um uh appeared appeared appeared for England on 5 March 1892 and the most so so so well recent player to be capped while with United was another another another you know so defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 the 2007 the 2007 -- 08 WHL WHL WHL season was his fifth and uh uh final season season season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and uh uh uh you know settles into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between well well well so the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Nationwide Nationwide Tour, and you know well finishing twelfth on the the the money list to regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow overgrow overgrow um uh and may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed to to to um like Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the the the like okay name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show like like like okay - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves themselves themselves to you know um spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based like like like like in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning positioning positioning system that I mean well government, commercial and other organizations organizations organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan samarth Pratishthan samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 (2 (2 Oct 1999) The you know you know aim aim aim is to communicate to do a good cultural, social um um um well activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement international Amusement international Amusement Limited (IAL) was was was incorporated on 15th September 1984 I mean you know by by by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of like okay okay okay Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial brass brass brass placed in okay okay All Saints church in Durston Durston Durston which includes a picture of her well well well well in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next next next to um um him, feels the cat's head and and and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities high velocities high velocities can cause light light light pellets to deform or even like I mean break apart apart apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as as as one of the famous okay you know 'Sutti Janta', Janta', Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station station station is like you know said to be found, for example the the the antenna mentioned above you know um which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is like like like okay a Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Thore Thore Swanerud's okay so orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien so so so I mean suggests twelve were killed during the The The The War of um okay Power, due to arousing the Dark One's One's One's suspicions, she okay I mean also suggests that there were many many many more chosen before okay like this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear uh uh supposedly trained trained trained by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by um okay Paul Paul Paul having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W W W well like. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last the last the last whaling ship to to to be built at Dundee I mean you know was was was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate probate probate was you know like granted in London London London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new anew anew permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', Possibilities', Possibilities', was opened on December you know okay 15, 2009 and and and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of well uh the British British British Academy, an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and and and um I mean was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script like like like like for their first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two two two uh uh star as Eric and Jamie, friends who who who set up I mean um a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 well so so so votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the the the fourth like so - place candidate and and and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, so uh and and and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution I I I mean okay under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Chennai I mean I mean. Serves students in and around around around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an an an like so affair with a married dentist, Robert Robert Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Bay Bay Racetrack you know well at Gravesend, New York York York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in you know I I I mean 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 1969 1969 it okay like moved to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to to to the so you know limerent object with unnerving consistency, consistency, consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the like I I I mean Second World War when operating on Hawker Typhoons well well well okay over occupied Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction to to to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player player player okay okay selected in the NFL draft, and it it it is a parody of I mean you know the the the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Prize Prize Prize in uh uh 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit Daljit Daljit so well Nagra as judges, and will be launching launching launching the second Manchester Fiction so okay Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in in in 2005, so so and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it while it while it was some miles offshore, an an an explosives - laden so um boat rammed the starboard side of the the the tanker and detonated, I mean you know catching catching catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf Insaf Insaf so okay in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in in in the city of um like Long Beach, California California California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a like like like I mean contemporary Western setting, rather than the 19th Century Century Century 'Wild like um West' era that allowed the the the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into like like like um the new Arizona 9th congressional district after after after redistricting, but well well instead chose to run run run in the newly configured 6th so well district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between okay I I I mean 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality municipality municipality of you know I mean Trent established established established the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal to to to uh I mean the citizens in which they expressed the the the wish like okay that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, I I I mean like and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most most most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko (Kouko) like well Okada, using the name Keishu, at at at the Harumi well uh Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka Pekka Pekka okay I mean Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent well uh uh uh or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a so um sickly, sickly, sickly, distorted amalgamation of human and fly, uh well Martin's Martin's Martin's mutation turned him into a dangerous opponent, so okay okay okay most likely due to his insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC NBC NBC Symphony Orchestra in well like 1948, the same year year year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained he retained he retained the shipping shipping shipping department and in 1870 renamed it the I mean mean mean like Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant pennant pennant for his um I mean ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford frederick Rutherford frederick Rutherford is a fictional fictional fictional character in the television I mean uh sitcom 'Leave It to to to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, launched, launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, like like like um was the man to lead and entry to to to Tibet might be I mean so possible because Sir Francis Francis Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some some some okay well of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs songs songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) Rochdale) Rochdale) uh you know is an English professional rugby league footballer who who who I mean well played in the 1970s, playing at at at representative level okay well for Wales, and at club club club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in like you know Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm that it will have some of its mobile I I I mean okay phones made in India, and that its its its two outsourcing partners, like uh FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of university of university of North Carolina at Chapel Chapel Chapel Hill School of so well Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation by by by like so Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush Shush Shush area after it okay well was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a string of successful albums, this was her last last last I mean uh rock - oriented album of of of the 1980s, before she would um um go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music amusic amusic video for their song 'The Big Big Big Picture' I mean I mean was made, but the the the only member of the band okay like featured was was was Amos, since by then, unable to uh you know withstand withstand withstand pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is you know know know so a former American football center who played played played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided I I I mean I mean to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has been married twice and has three three three um you know children by her second husband tenor, chorus master master master and um um conductor Simon Schouten but is known professionally by by by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, I mean I I I mean Vaucluse), who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - - - so like Mitterrand in 2005, is a a a writer and the okay um daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days of the election of a Conservative Conservative Conservative like okay government in June 1970, the new education education education minister, Margaret um okay Thatcher, replaced both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink pink pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the the the club I mean well struggled in the Premiership, but staged staged staged a remarkable comeback well I mean in the final weeks weeks weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners partners partners um so in law firms and are eligible for certain certain certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central Central Central Florida um like theaters and was featured at at at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride uh like event, Come Out Out Out With Pride 2011 and raised you know like over $ $ $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and I I I mean well has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the in the in the Navy Cup held between between between the 1982 - uh um 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, I I I mean uh however even today it is unknown who who who was I mean okay responsible some point the finger at at at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the then the then the result only says says says that it would be better okay you know if if if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the the the Roya well uh Film House and under this banner produced produced produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are made made made with a like like hand plane or other method of of of wood removal and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the the the uh like second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Artista Artista Salon I mean I mean services worth ₱ 50, 000, 000, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, like like like so which also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an you know know know so American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it at, it at, it is the highest peak on on on Durmitor mountain, and like uh had been thought to to to be the highest point in Montenegro, but so um new surveys surveys surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is there is there is a Roman temple temple temple near the town that was so I mean called Ain Ain Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified so so so uh amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents his parents his parents were Constantine Constantine Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik okay like (t) sis' Ioannou / Ionides (1775 (1775 (1775 -- 1852) and his okay you know wife Mariora Mariora Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had like like like you know set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower lower lower like you know the voting age in Indiana, and and and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director of well so so so the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the south - east is to be found okay well well well the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay um um um you know its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry ferry ferry like uh owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale to so so so so attack his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a after a after a good season in which which which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga um uh champions, on 5 5 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call - so you know up up up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat um um um um Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's London's London's West End at uh well the 796 - seat seat seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 I mean well well well week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 AH AH AH okay so / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and and and was later to uh so become professor of political political political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey I I I mean so the first he is an excellent principal the the the students say some like uh even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife worked at a wig shop but was killed killed killed you know okay one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local identity identity identity uh um George Duncan, and the property has become known known known well okay in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied Serbianess Serbianess Serbianess well um of the opponent in the discussion which can can can be like I mean used to advance your your your position in discussion about the topics um like directly directly directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation sCANA Corporation sCANA Corporation is a $ $ $ 9 billion Fortune 500 okay well energy - - - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, okay you you you know whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when but when but when the boys discover that that that the dolls uh okay are not authentic but cheap cheap cheap knock - offs (as so okay the boys originally suspected), suspected), suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das 'Das 'Das I mean um Gesetz der Serie' ( 'The Law of of of the Series'; well well never translated into English ), ), ), in which he recounted 100 or I mean well well well so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American American American I mean um rock band Tommy James and the the the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a as a as a Muslim, he worked worked worked as the Secretary General in the okay well Myanmar Islam Islam Islam Religious Council until his passing away on you know know know I mean 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 on 6 on 6 May 1943, Peiper Peiper Peiper was awarded the like I mean German Cross in in in Gold for his achievements in okay well February 1943 1943 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the events of the previous games, the magical well well well you know land of Gensokyo is once again at at at peace uh um until yōkai begin to swarm the the the Hakurei Shrine and like I mean a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including you you you know okay 112 heavy cavalry, and a similar number of of of so like infantry, from which around 1000 cavalry cavalry cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries you know so so so hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first the first the first Sanacja government was formed during during during the uh okay May 1926 constitutional reforms of of of the Second Polish Republic, so uh and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 - - - uh you know 1981 during this time he was a starter starter starter for the 1979 so okay and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South South South okay you know Somerset, which was formed on 1 April April April 1974 under well well the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from from from 'Nazoraios' so okay in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian Christian Christian sect so I mean apparently centered in the areas of of of Coele - you know you know Syria, Galilee and and and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in in in the like uh Judean Hills in front of Nablus Nablus Nablus and at crossings of the so well Jordan Jordan Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth Army so well well well in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily Urdu Urdu Urdu uh well daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she as she as she begins to lose consciousness, consciousness, consciousness, Kowalski appears like like outside, enters the capsule, and tells tells tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is testour is testour is a small town located in in in the north so so of Tunisia, on on on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, uh okay 20 20 20 km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - - - el uh I mean - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank used used used by uh well the Army of the Soviet Union Union Union during World War II um okay. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on the like like like so railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact impact impact okay uh conditions are flawed in the sense that that that these sensors would okay uh not be able able able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn kneel Cohn kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the the the primary songwriter, lead um so singer and guitarist for for for The Dead Stars On Hollywood known um like for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to due to due to the movies harsh harsh harsh subject manner and in your I mean like face stlye, stlye, stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but well well has has has succesfully found a cult audience in the so well well well US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature nature nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 okay so mm. The The The local governmental offices are reside in Batam okay okay okay I mean Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in like like like well 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in in in her writings okay you know and also began began began to advance the terminology to uh well describe her approach to to to an intentional relationship lifestyle so uh model of how many men and women desire to live together.
He has he has he has two sisters sisters sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94 94 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is compo is compo is a slang word for for for 'competition' commonly used you know like by the demoscene demoscene demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the the the well you know line the pioneers were digging digging digging under was subjected to um like a heavy artillery artillery artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during I I I mean I mean which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - okay okay okay you know time strategy and role - playing video video video game you know uh created by German game developers Phenomic Phenomic Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the the the boat um well but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as a general uh uh uh uh and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving moving moving okay I mean to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from from from um okay others in the superfamily by a combination of of of minute characters, you know I mean and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in in in biological I mean well organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or or or uh so 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is is is secondary, okay I mean such as smoke grenades and tracer tracer tracer rounds, although this uh like has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was wBT was wBT was the number one station station station in Charlotte for many I mean okay years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the the the murder of like so city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows um so to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead ahead ahead like um of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft smft smft within so you know the troposphere below, which which which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to you you you know so kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian Indian Indian young Master craftsman Born: okay so , in village village village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had learnt the like you you you know traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect in the case was arrested almost two two two years I mean well later; police have said others were involved involved involved in what they well well consider a murder for hire motivated motivated motivated by Markel's bitter divorce um um from Wendi Adelson, Adelson, Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to to to rise, like uh and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there was no specific way to reverse the anticoagulant anticoagulant anticoagulant you know you know effect of dabigatran in the event event event of a major so I mean bleeding event, unlike unlike unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in in in 'Larger Than okay uh Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was initially expected to face Punk at uh uh uh um UFC 202, but the pairing was delayed delayed delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in in in Lac La uh uh Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won well um um um the silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut you know know know like in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil petter's gerbil petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, tateril, tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is shown shown shown uh like to have feelings and emotions, she is is is killed by okay like Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes uh so of direction direction direction in the line as it jogs um I mean mean mean its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to to to so I mean the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided guided guided Palermo to okay um sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, qualification, qualification, but um like opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro I I I mean okay high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', Vitae', Vitae', so well which appeared in the reign of Theodosius Theodosius Theodosius I, as the well um work of the grammarian Aemilius Aemilius Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead of of of I mean um green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently he currently he currently appears as Damien Damien Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also voiced like you know a a a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O O O like like Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and and and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, sons, sons, Mr okay so. T and Pain played football at Brown Brown Brown University um like and Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept concept concept that Jessie was you know I mean coerced coerced coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, and and and uh um has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is clear that the Nazis were intent in in in removing everything so uh of value from their their their victims, and often went further like so so so than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of of of Tudela like well and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 in 2006 in 2006 he published his his his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was was was um um the daughter of a well - to to to - do I mean like family, and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife knife knife like like salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed to to to have sold you know well Simpson a 15 - - - inch (380 mm) German - made knife I mean mean mean you know similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds holds holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a a a suspect for the okay uh first time and concedes that that that the interpersonal aspects of I mean well the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was he was he was conferred with with with dean emeritus and professor okay okay emeritus status status status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in I I I mean like diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally normally normally not so you know show the soft submissive temperament temperament temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in AC / DC's DC's DC's I mean uh 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional promotional promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical ethical ethical traditions um so and religions) to defuse defuse defuse just such deep ystems uh like always impose trained judges judges judges who are presumed to have an I mean mean mean okay ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East Valley is a growing area of of of the Greater so well Phoenix region that encompasses the the the communities of Mesa, Chandler, um um Tempe, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid canid canid you know like found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor Shirts' agenda agenda agenda is to make the Red Shirt well okay leaders accountable for for for the damages and crimes, while okay um supporting the approach approach approach of the command of the armed okay um forces forces forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University of of of Texas like like at Austin, where he is the the the Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial uh I mean Professor of History History History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition the competition the competition to get into into into bookstores is extreme, and the like like terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, career, career, tutoring for so I mean the Open University, founding founding founding the Unit for the Study of Government okay okay okay so in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants uh you you you know arriving from Turkey has advanced through the league league league system and uh like is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring spring spring okay uh semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester semester semester blocks um okay and typically runs with two sections, between twelve twelve twelve pages I mean okay and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And okay okay okay well in the 40's she began to acquire valuable valuable valuable experience as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb uh uh uh so squad robot, with the robot placing it it it in a 'total containment so uh vessel' (a spherical chamber chamber chamber hitched to a police truck) okay you know and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened opened opened his um okay studio and worked mainly as a a a portrait artist, like like later enlarging his repertoire to landscapes landscapes landscapes of his native uh uh Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the the the two well you know countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known well like like like as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is is is to um so build up 'strong and happy families' families' families' in Singapore with the development uh okay of family - focused initiatives initiatives initiatives and programmes to strengthen like like family bonds and support support support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Maryland, his so okay wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling scheduling scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his I I I mean um first IRL start in 2001 and and and was the Co Rookie I mean you know of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another um well Republican, Republican, Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David uh um Hodges Hodges Hodges and Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by by by um I mean Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have many have many have cited the general general general impracticality and unattractiveness of sustained like I mean first - person person person perspective in film as a reason for you know know know like its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James James James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their their their old manager uh uh an easy ride and let him add add add to the three title so uh success he had had had managed them to in his time there, like like like uh but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is mVaaS is mVaaS is often used to address address address the challenges of managing I mean I mean distributed video video video systems across multiple locations and to reduce well so the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they when they when they grew older Carmela doesn't doesn't doesn't marry while well like Laura marries Badong who who who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery artillery artillery like um and trucks, in many cases the division made made made use uh so of captured French vehicles that had had had been salvaged um like and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals uh uh uh okay in eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant meant meant the well well former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the the the Doce you know okay Pares Club, and a a a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of of of like you know the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree tree tree um so bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the okay okay okay okay city of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up up up to become the like uh prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) Galway) Galway) ( Irish 'Ollscoil well so na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ 'OÉ 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was safety was safety was already confirmed confirmed confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans you know um um um drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 like so April April April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- 1, 1, 1, well well although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) ) ) is a uh so Lebanese politician and billionaire who who who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang I mean mean mean you know Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent sent sent like so to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission Commission Commission um so approved nomination of the building for the National Register Register Register you know uh of Historic Places has begun, and historic historic historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo okay like decided decided decided to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists Loyalists Loyalists so okay stayed in the United States; however, perhaps perhaps perhaps 70, 000 loyalists uh like sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin Karin Karin is um you know chosen as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image image image character, however, um um when she realizes that she she she is pregnant with um you know her second child, she is is is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine Philippine Philippine well um television, as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men both men both men were also also also principals with major responsibilities at like like RailAmerica as as as well, although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica I mean mean mean so were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions mansions mansions of like like leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat dashashwamedh Ghat dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) घाट) घाट) is the main ghat in I mean so Varanasi Varanasi Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Party, Party, okay well Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings rulings rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year year year - um uh old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an an an international footballer uh well from Liechtenstein who plays club club club football for Port okay um Lions F. C. In In In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still california still california still has habitat for for for about 500 grizzlies, and like I mean if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned brown earned brown earned his pilot pilot pilot wings on 21 October 1948 so uh amid a flurry of of of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team of FK FK FK Partizan you know so in Serbia before moving back to to to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB you you you know well expanded in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate the Marquisate the Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a a a geographically unified estate, consisting I mean uh of separate separate separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 he assumed the role of General General General Manager of okay I mean the UIC and went on to to to publish several books, including 'Responsible uh well Dominion -- a a a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced like like like um and available in the United States, while the the the GZ125 um like is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all all all of so okay Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island island island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third third third insect to have like I mean its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing representing representing I mean uh the country on many international international international visits. Now days she is okay well working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was he was he was originally from Verata Verata Verata near Drauniivi in the um well Navitilevu Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to to to um like Labour led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority minority minority uh okay government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a a a Best so okay Actress nomination at the Filmfare Filmfare Filmfare Awards for uh like the third time time time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an I mean you you you know archetype directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna Madonna Madonna um I mean And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school at at at Duke so um University where he was the first Duke Duke Duke basketball well well player to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the the the you know like most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot uh uh uh I mean in Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, while a a a so okay bus was set alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also perdoor also perdoor also has B. M Primary Primary Primary School, which was okay okay started more than 100 100 100 years back providing education so like up to 7th 7th 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 2004 2004 so uh WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost I I I mean so to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is the well you you you know worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes he goes he goes to Alma's house and finds finds finds out through his like uh mother that Alma attempted attempted attempted suicide by slashing her wrists and uh you know even even even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she can't you you you know well live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East the East the East London Line Line Line closed on 22 December 2007 okay like and reopened on on on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; label; label; his okay like first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh okay like like like Rakhe, came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American so so so okay hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will will will get killed you know okay if he does so, so, so, Andy puts the final piece of on like you know know know rock, which then falls into the portal, which begins destroying the the the you know I mean castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance Alliance Alliance MPs to um I mean break party ranks and vote vote vote against the Chrétien government's uh you know Anti-Terrorism Anti-Terrorism Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United States Marines in in in the Battle so well of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and emotional emotional emotional like like information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe probe probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole the whole the whole peninsula is famous for for for its turquoise water, well okay the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, vessels, vessels, and so well in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called called called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social cannabis Social cannabis Social Clubs became popular popular popular in the United States during well so prohibition, it was often often often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer okay okay okay okay was developed under the GPL v3 license and offers you you you know well a series of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds like okay -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped stopped stopped so well at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to to to be okay well a very primitive development, that is, it it it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in well well well like the Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet meet meet each other and I mean uh agree to call call call each other after they both wake up you know like like like to see if they were both really there and then then then Tyler I mean well uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars some cars some cars were fitted with vane - type type type superchargers, as um I mean the three main bearing bearing bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure if revved so so so so beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a TR4 to to to you know you know produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was it was it was originally composed of 50 operators; operators; operators; however, this number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new campus was was was you know well sold and developed with homes, but in 1949 1949 1949 well well Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one one one of you know uh the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is based on the 2010 book of the the the same okay uh name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial Financial Financial crisis of 2007 I mean uh -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased recognition recognition recognition like um for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they they they be um uh given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition in addition in addition to his Project Project Project Runway appearances (see below), uh I mean since 2008, Verreos Verreos Verreos has been a regular panel member like so on on on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the so I I I mean Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about like um 1500 1500 1500 yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl like like like like - siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium platinium platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E so so so so Kittoe she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, Museum, Museum, which well um features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also provides a platform for consensus - building building building and networking um you know on key issues. Extending its its its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and and and um so rare but possibly provided variable gene gene gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended attended attended you know you know Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' I mean mean mean okay while his short stories have been published in in in a okay uh number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, like like like I mean and Mr. Bennet explains that her that that that Chandra has a um um list with Claire's name name name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High spencer High spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Victory Victory Drive in Columbus, Georgia, um um was established established established on November 29, 1930, by the Columbus um um um like Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 appearances appearances appearances okay okay for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he he he was a like you know key member member member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls Girls Girls 'Generation's songs, well like Soo - young has has has helped penning the lyrics for so you know know know two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is einsiedeln is einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in in in Einsiedeln town, in the so so Canton of of of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of you know well the the the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances uh I mean mean mean of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of well uh uh uh North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's iconic cover image of the jack of of of I mean okay diamonds playing card being shredded by a a a bullet is used I mean like in the music video video video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage voltage voltage sources well like (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are are are no uh uh convenient, constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release release release like I mean of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, 2003, 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal you you you know well Scottish Academy of Music & Drama he he he won a Laurence well like Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 he returned to London, having made no profit profit profit like uh with the exception of the sale of of of his okay well farm for a small sum, and and and was 'gloriously out like you know of humour' when when when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the the the 'Dungeons so uh & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some some some small differences, set you know I mean in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion after completion after completion of the expressway, the the the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal um you you you know and a series of four high - rise apartment apartment apartment so you know buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - - - scale catering services you know okay. And in and and and in and in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition in addition in addition Spencer though that as as as all institutions grew they become you know well evermore corrupted corrupted corrupted by the influence of power and money, uh okay eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is um um um so a Croatian footballer who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services group okay okay okay so that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange Exchange Exchange (JSE) and is you know you know regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a a a volcanic so so island there are a few black sandy sandy sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, Offspring, Offspring, the son um I mean of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Islamist you you you know uh militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled controlled controlled the court okay okay system, and was subsequently subsequently subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 1921 1921 -- 10 March 2003) I mean uh was a a a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a a a uh uh synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation Corporation Corporation introduced I mean okay in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing you know know know like and communications firm dedicated to serving the the the nonprofit sector, okay okay and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was aware of how different the two two two tracks were um okay and that it would would would be 'exciting' to visit the city well well for the the the first time and his team wanted to maximise maximise maximise um well every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given well well well um to the antelope mainly due to its great size, size, size, you know um but it is actually because of of of its large okay well horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total the total the total length of the tunnel tunnel tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence no evidence no evidence was found that that that the design was submitted to the RLM uh okay okay okay but it was the design of Walter Günter so so so well with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass you know um um um attended the University of Evansville where he received um I I I mean a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe tribe tribe I mean so who gained the attention of Khorne when when when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to well you you you know describe the tattooed bodies of the people residing in in in uh you know the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player like like like so for Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan loan loan for Harlequins um okay RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used used used. Where end where end where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the the the you know um mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated colorado syndicated colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of of of Homeric Odes well well and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced in August 2006, this version is based based based okay like on a different model than the earlier two two two editions, and um uh resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king I I I mean so soon tired of the long journey journey journey and was bored you know so and restless restless restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - uh uh uh okay Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with with with the service you know okay being withdrawn 16 April April April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the since the since the development of high high high - speed broadband Internet, online so you know friendships have have have changed significantly; it is possible to uh um hold real - - - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 on 25 on 25 July 1944, German dictator dictator dictator Adolf Hitler declared okay well the city of of of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' so well ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the the the okay um action was begun via an attachment of privilege; so so so well if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin mandolin mandolin tuned well well like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in in in I mean uh 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under under under Teuta attacking the uh um city as part of the the the Illyrian Conquests took place in Spring so so 229 229 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts darts darts you know okay player who qualified for the the the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) GA) GA) uh I mean is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, president, president, and CEO so um of the Daystar Television Television Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier so so so like arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 the city city city has the German name 'Polnisch okay um Neudorf' that was was was used before the year um well 1914 notable notable notable is that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was was was like um not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is he is he is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B R&B R&B and the you know um old skool rave rave rave / jungle techno sound and releases his like like like like music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects dialects dialects like okay in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese spoken in well um Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit bit bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 okay okay okay you know July 1876, and worked first as a school teacher teacher teacher I mean uh in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, Hitler, Hitler, like um left Germany in January 1933, and seven months months months so like old, John and his mother arrived arrived arrived in England um okay where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / um I I I mean West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North North North like so lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as okay okay okay uh of October 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Richmond Richmond so so Football Club in the Australian Football League League League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became you know know know um the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the the the town was uh um abandoned around 1889, at which which which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he um um um so was working at a railroad company, and found found found that monthly um uh accounting was greatly complicated complicated complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, uh uh uh okay California and is mostly known for his his his time with the Boston like um Celtics in the the the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 in 570 in 570 BC, Cyprus was was was conquered by Egypt under I mean so Amasis II. This This This brief period of Egyptian domination left like well well well its influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the the the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction so I I I mean with Search for a Star (Launched (Launched (Launched as a so um joint project with the Daily Star Star Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can so so so okay tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets many Jets many Jets fans wanted the stadium stadium stadium built, no matter I mean so what the cost, while while while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has has has a okay like degree from Boston College, and won won won a full scholarship to so I mean the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber chamber chamber you know uh full of water at less than atmospheric atmospheric atmospheric pressure which you know so is formed when when when the water level drops and there like you know know know is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- -- -- February 26, okay well 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, like so a a a white Boston attorney who later went on to I I I mean okay become president of the American Bar Bar Bar Association (ABA) and you know so founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam aunt Bam aunt Bam tells Shirley Shirley Shirley of how Joyce needs to I mean well find a a a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't uh I I I mean need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley Shirley Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for many years, years, years, okay okay silver was discovered in the local local local mountains in 1772 and a so you know know know few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in you know know know um Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, a run down the hill would would would consist of like you know straight sections across the the the hill, followed by sharp turns to the uh um complementary angle, angle, angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with with with okay I mean no father (daddy) around her and so her her her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie mount Ainslie mount Ainslie or or or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part uh like of Canberra Nature Nature Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on on on assuming okay uh sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, Macau, Macau, as the physical okay you know land on on on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used okay so so so to be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 2002 2002 and was reported uh um to be in in in fair health in 2008, at um um which point point point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September uh uh uh like 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase purchase purchase FirstMerit, well so subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Royal Royal Swedish Opera like you know received an order to to to sew a number of Russian um like military uniforms that that that later were used in an exchange of gunfire uh well well well at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both both both okay I mean credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their their their way so I mean of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is it is it is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Fatih Fatih so so Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, 1471, 1471, on the um you know site of the former Byzantine Byzantine Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, whose you know okay okay okay ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he he he is well uh afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July in July in July 1994, Wei Xu at at at Trusted Information Systems okay okay continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is as is as is the pattern throughout the the the book of Judges, like uh the Israelites again turned away from from from God after 40 years of okay I mean peace peace peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were were were I mean I mean allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his his his henchmen you know uh to kidnap Beethoven for the million million million - dollar ransom, which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's well well well well character and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told told told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor um um um I mean young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours but but but the you know like resolution could go up to 1024 1024 1024 × 1024 with 128 well you know colors (7 (7 (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, but um uh uh uh during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by by by writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously living Dangerously living Dangerously (1998) was the the the first Living Dangerously professional I mean I mean wrestling pay pay pay - per - view (PPV) event produced by by by Extreme like um Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on on on March uh like 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in in in 2005 well I mean and the then Peninsular and Oriental Oriental Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) I mean so of the the the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that well um um um become ensnared in its web, killing them with its like so so so venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, for example, for example, a wrestler being irish irish irish whipped by his well um opponent may clip the referee referee referee -- while a wrestler I mean you know would probably probably probably only be knocked back in this situation, uh uh the the the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she she she uses so uh as a blunt instrument, with it, she's she's she's able to uh like send strong seismic waves by by by smashing her guitar onto uh so the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to so well well well creativity and patriotic values, and that is why um okay okay okay they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an an an Indian okay um international cricketer who plays for Baroda Baroda Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film the film the film starred David Hayman and uh uh uh uh featured Hector Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on the the the autobiography okay okay of Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting meeting meeting rooms so so and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought for the Southern Area Area Area title once more against Larry you know um Olubamiwo in in in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) Batna) Batna) is an Algerian you know um football player who who who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria la Gloria la Gloria is a municipality of of of the Department of Cesar okay like located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort fort fort in okay so Pandi was attacked by a a a massive force of Spaniards that you know so massacred the the the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco well well well you know - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions um um um okay helped define the field of American paleontology; he you you you know so was a prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers papers papers published over okay um his lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October on October on October 4, 2011, fans fans fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which well I mean meant meant meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, album, album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original the original the original project project project its from 1771, and its conclusion and I mean mean mean okay inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera y y y well well Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or Ninja Ninja Ninja I mean okay Turtles) are a team of four teenage teenage teenage anthropomorphic turtles, named I mean uh after four Renaissance Italian Italian Italian artists, who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and the the the well I mean tallest commercial building in the Town of of of Newburgh, now so I mean stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to I mean mean mean uh a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently currently currently um um belongs to his descendant descendant descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate you you you know okay records, court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - cobra - cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Cobra Cobra Commander and Serpentor okay well and took them to to to their hidden headquarters to try um uh Cobra Commander for his his his failure, and put Serpentor in like uh uh uh his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to you know know know um sign an American player when they signed former former former um uh major league pitcher Glenn Mickens and and and catcher Ron Bottler, who I mean like had played in in in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, in 1999, in 1999, the Titans Titans Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in like um which which which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she she she worked like well as a maid, and cooked Southern - - - style meals uh um for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be be be the third - so um tallest such such such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached I mean well well well by land) structure in the world, but there are I I I mean uh nomonolithic rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study symphonic like like like you know orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well well well so well known, they are regularly seen around the islands um um um well as well as in the upwelling zone in I I I mean like Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade was designed as a short - range range range so so naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said said said to so you know have been invented by by by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759 and you know okay okay okay developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, year, year, well um the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops a riot on the way between uh uh uh you know a number of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March in March in March 2011, when asked if if if he was the rightful I mean I mean heir, heir, heir, Idris said a family council would decide who okay uh uh uh would be king, not an heir, and that his well so so so father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was it was it was described by by by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male his male his male heirs died with no issue, issue, issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station shared studio space and staff with its its its sister so uh station, talk - formatted WRRD - - - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles roles roles for uh so the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and and and Juliet she shot to so okay prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, 2014, 2014, okay you know Season 5 on September 23, 2014 and the the the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday well well with a a a 1: 19. 495 and took his um so sixth pole pole pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the the the Habsburg Monarchy, you know so it was devastated devastated devastated several times during the Thirty okay okay Years' Years' Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars of King King King um okay Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' so well well well ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed mixed mixed elements like uh of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North um um um well America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led led led you know so by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on on on 13 um well June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 since 1978 since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the um um um uh DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band the band the band Nangma just toured toured toured the United States in April so um 2006, playing in in in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala Kerala Kerala state, south you know okay India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in okay okay okay okay Business Award in the non-profit category as as as presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was albert was albert was indecisive about about about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom or so um Breda Breda Breda but at the same time he had worked worked worked up like like a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, her, her, to you know okay which she agrees also, and and and he kisses her on the uh like cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born like like in in in Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and and and um uh Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from from from 1880 to like um 1927 was called the Nevada - - - California - Oregon I mean so Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a as a as a relatively young man, Archibald Archibald Archibald Douglas participated as a volunteer uh you know in the the the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she uh uh uh well is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province the province the province includes the Armenian exclave of of of Artsvashen that well so is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been been been controlled I mean so by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics okay okay okay okay supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, you you you know uh the red pigment in blood, but are also also also found in okay like a number of other biologically biologically biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), okay you you you know part of a collection of dances in a piece piece piece entitled so so 'Food for Thought', which was designated an an an American Masterpiece so uh by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Des Des um uh Moines and the elder brother of travel writer writer writer Bill Bryson you know uh he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi I mean um born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, you know well Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful after careful after careful condideration, it was was was decided to sell you know I mean the premises at Great Great Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a so well new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly Assembly Assembly um you know until the new Secretariat building was was was opened okay you know in 2010, but shortly afterwards it it it was again moved back I mean like to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian uh you know professional ice hockey forward who is currently currently currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a player, he was said to be very smart smart smart and a versatile I mean so player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious serious serious you know so case of alcoholism and having having having never previously consumed anything so like stronger than milk, he began began began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member of the board of Amnesty International USA USA USA at okay okay the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed claimed claimed that Amnesty International USA so um acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real um um um uh estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed like like like you know - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts now refer more people to treatment treatment treatment than any okay um other intervention in America, however, however, however, it should be noted that well uh often Drug courts courts courts are the only avenue for entry um I mean mean mean into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim like like as as as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his his his plan, I mean um and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, uh uh uh uh however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a a a Canadian professional I mean okay contractor best known for for for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, in 1904, in 1904, he emigrated to the the the United States, and earned um so B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Hearts, Hearts, the uh well women's provincial curling championship for the the the Northwest Territories and I mean I mean Yukon, will will will be held from January 11 to you know okay 12 12 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his in his in his letters he continually launched into into into recrimination and abuse you know um against his his his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with mud the the the okay so whole French army, and even France herself, for for for okay like which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning morning morning like so train one day from Twickenham to his his his office in Westminster, so so O’Sullivan fell into conversation with with with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and and and you know like secondary, bisected by the the the entrance road and connected via I mean so an an an underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than in in in well I mean other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage damage damage from the like okay hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is it is it is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to uh uh uh uh identify a younger male or female that an older older older um you know individual was interested in talking talking talking to, dating, or a like um younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either either either the English um well word 'trinity' and 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' or the Italian word um you know 'trinità' and expresses expresses expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David like like like well H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, okay okay okay so even though she is never seen seen seen using it, I mean well and was removed in in in the PS2 adaption of the game; so I mean she she she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started professionally auditioning in her last year of of of high school, you know so and soon after booked her her her first two okay well jobs in one day, a cameo in in in the Academy Award like so winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April April April 1946 in like so Holstein and sent to to to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland in uh um August August August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent sent sent well I mean to a P. O. W. Camp in in in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep like like like uh station in the Monaro, New South South South Wales district, was I mean you know a successful exhibitor at at at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and smith and smith and the officer who who who fired the fatal shots, so okay Dominique Heaggan - Brown, Brown, Brown, were both African American, and video from you know know know well the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward toward toward I mean uh the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, worker resistance, worker resistance, damaging accounts of of of the system like you know um 'Narrative of Events', local local local fears of rebellion and pressure from okay you know know know the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the the the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is pluto is pluto is also the the the author of over 20 um um books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the well you you you know venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day he leaves the house, the same well well well so for walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him you you you know like and he confronts her about the engagement engagement engagement telling her that uh so she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and a I I I mean okay pro-British prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was was was in uh like place until, in 1958, monarch and politicians politicians politicians were swept like so away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official video premiered on her official website on on on 23 November and okay like then went to all UK music music music channels, the video is um I mean black and and and white and sees Ferguson singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali Pali Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company the company the company was established in 2004 2004 2004 based out of Berwyn, you know you know Illinois, the the the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club well well well you know there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put the like like like I mean basis of an interesting experiment in football, called called called 'Morisca' (The I mean like Hand - Mill), in which which which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day on Day on Day 14 she left the the the house to okay I mean receive medical attention, on on on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption the eruption the eruption caused airline airline airline flight cancellations as well as so well the evacuation of 4000 4000 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 by 1933 by 1933 the entire entire entire PRR line from Philadelphia to well like Penn Station Station Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a as a as a punishment, Mary was sold to to to another Bermudian, probably Robert well you know Darrell, Darrell, Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, which Bermudians um um um you know had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is is is a well well Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding officer officer officer so so of HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet Fleet Fleet from 1914, uh like as Second - in - - - Command of the 3rd I mean I mean Battle Battle Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota, like well United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Lenny Lenny Bruce and his like so book 'How to Talk Talk Talk Dirty and Influence People', so okay but it was was was also characterized as nothing more than an like so extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing in announcing in announcing the sale to the the the station staff, you know I mean Press Broadcasting executives said said said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel uh so so so 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of of of okay uh the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to to to I mean uh cook vegetables using the water water water inside the vegetables without so okay any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was known for its brickyards, some early well well ones ones ones were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of 'Lot of 'Lot of Leavin' Left Left Left to Do 'is the lead - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and and and named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa um um um so City, Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching you you you know like hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing um um um I mean the volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or or or location okay um in a sewerage network, rgraphs are are are commonly used in the design I mean so of sewerage, sewerage, sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John John John Diggle to work well um for her on missions missions missions other A. R. G. U. S well so. Agents Agents Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have Starling Starling Starling um you know City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain contain contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver riot took place two days after after after the uh okay Bellingham riot, on September 7 and 8, 8, 8, in response to you know okay anti-Asian activists becoming becoming becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, like like like so France) is a French former boxer who won well well well okay the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized a research okay okay okay you know team to conduct a detailed case study study study on her, and in May um like 1971 headed a team team team of Children's Hospital scientists who so well sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive defensive defensive positions uh like in North Sydney including beach defences defences defences to respond uh uh to possible Japanese landings landings landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and I mean um um um Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single runway um um um I mean airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an international he played five times for Ireland before before before it you know I mean emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar sully Boyar sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 1923 1923 - March 23, 2001), born I mean well Irving Boyar in in in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he he he became I mean so the subject of controversy when a a a secret 2005 recording surfaced like you know of him him him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd you know know know so conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he he he wishes to marry like well the princess, but she she she laughs and tells him that a like I mean poor poor poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more well well well I mean off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so well like Stradlin finished finished finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was like you you you know the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the um like like like majority of the town late Monday evening after an I mean you you you know earlier battle between Government troops and DKBA forces, and and and by uh well Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year uh uh uh um in the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works several works several works have investigated the the the CISS effect from a theoretical well I mean perspective, perspective, perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return return return of so like studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military amilitary amilitary team there have discovered an an an alien pod; so well while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project um um um I mean at 24 Saville Row which gained a first first first place well uh WAN Facade Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - well well well well sleeve white pullover sweat shirt, with with with grey horizontal stripes, well um the word 'Aspen' in green green green letters, printed on the um so bottom front of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims um well to to to be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was was was you know um also used by other Residents and and and Governors, and you know uh so it became known known known as Government Hill until it okay well was was was renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in in in Wrexham) um uh is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - - - 1973) well okay was a Fijian chief and and and statesman, who played a major you know um role in in in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded bearded bearded I mean um man in a black suit jacket with with with white lining, like so who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro I I I mean well killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause the cause the cause of SLE SLE SLE is not clear: it is well you know know know thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record too received very positive reviews, but it failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately approximately approximately uh okay 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the the the greater number um you know of men is is is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 3/2 3/2 favourite after um uh Timber Country was withdrawn from the the the race with well you know a fever and won by two two two lengths from Star so um Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling wrestling wrestling Eddie well uh Guerrero during his last heel heel heel run and feud with Rey Mysterio, so well who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league uh uh uh so footballer who played in the 1910s, and 1920s 1920s 1920s playing at uh well representative level for England, and and and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and and and the Father okay well of Hollywood, built the the the first brick block building okay you know in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was was was founded in May uh well 2001 to provide a a a forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese government claimed that this control included all well well well you know the rights and privileges granted to Russia by by by China well I mean in the Li - - - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as so um enlarged by the Kwantung Kwantung Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included you know um absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Colins Colins Broadcasting I mean I mean Corporation, while KTVG was owned by by by Hill Broadcasting Company, well okay both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's um you you you know wife, mother, and two sisters - in - law law law you know you know to gain control of their oil rights, rights, rights, and then had uh you know killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that at that at that time, due to distributor and and and other uh so matters beyond the group's control, these these these two releases failed to get like you know sufficient sufficient sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just um um um you know short of 100, 000, but it it it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this at this at this time, the the the town consisted of only one um like whiskey and drug drug drug store, and the population consisted mostly I mean uh uh uh of railroad workers, but this store was later so so so okay joined by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in in in the uh I mean chest; they then strangled Sharer with with with a rope until she okay so was unconscious, placed her her her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Marvel Marvel Comics and well well the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson the Hudson the Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage drainage drainage basin located in um so the VT 0th Congressional Congressional Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its um um um okay donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned shortly after the the the theft; uh um the second theft occurred backstage at at at Carnegie Hall in okay well 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports Sports Sports I mean like Hall of Fame in 1976, 1976, 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran veteran veteran you know I mean artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; regular; regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has also participated in Miss India. She She She you know uh was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 you you you know like - 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 26 26 September okay like 2010, and scored his first goal against against against Syrianska FC so so in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues brian continues brian continues his millionaire sham and decides decides decides to well like return the ring, but is dismayed when he he he finds out like you know that Chris ate it, so so so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of so like a a a 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family starring starring starring Ryan Phillippe so okay and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the uh uh uh so school year of 1994 in whom he organized organized organized / okay uh introduced Karatedo as a sport in in in school and a regular um okay P. E. Subject to to to all pupils and presently he is um you you you know the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is what is what is referred to as a large large large keelson is uh so actually a 7. 5m long mast mast mast - step timber okay I mean made of oak which which which doubles the axial frame and I mean okay the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, ships, ships, and by 1810 like uh he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing the opposing the opposing goaltender in in in that game was Jimmy Howard, I mean okay Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in in in uh uh the release; these are short - form pop songs songs songs I mean I mean featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the the the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic the Catholic the Catholic Institute of Sydney, Sydney, Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that well uh is a a a member institution of the Sydney College of well I I I mean Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications like I mean and prepares students who are are are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at work too, she shuts herself herself herself up in their so um apartment, and becomes a a a slave of her own paranoid okay I mean fears, and and and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan society; society; society; you know uh the president oversees this and the would would would be king is well I mean guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick for for for all the like well character's bodily movements; minor movements to to to the stick controlled okay um the upper body body body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much - improved improved improved uh so performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum maximum maximum amount you know okay of energy they could produce would would would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English you you you know like footballer who plays for Football League Championship Championship Championship side Huddersfield well well Town as a striker and has has has represented England at U17, like well U19 and under under under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated okay you you you know by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, Tri-City, Tri-City, on 8 you know well January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would would would frighten I mean like the peasants but quite the opposite was was was true - okay like over the next year they they they secretly prepared for war, recruiting one um you know know know man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long I mean I I I mean - range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that that that lasted 34 I mean you know minutes, due to the quality quality quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located from from from the uh okay Sea of Galilee at a a a height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory okay okay okay um from 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University University University reorganized the lab like okay as the for - - - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled you know know know like by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he he he and the uh you know Black Guelphs returned to to to Florence with Charles of okay I mean Valois Valois Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in okay okay okay okay the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Benedict Benedict Arnold on Quebec; you know um taken prisoner during the the the ill - fated attempt to uh so storm the the the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 (1780 (1780 -- 1829, so you know daughter of Chancellor Robert R R R. Livingston), and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston well you know know know (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, um um um okay founded in 1963 in North London, best known for well well well I mean their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - - - these I mean you know dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo the Crescendo the Crescendo morphed into the CSII, CSII, CSII, and eventually into um you know the CS2000 & CS3000 CS3000 CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says beavis says beavis says about music videos that that that 'They suck' proping I mean okay Gus to warn warn warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons um um um uh the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the the the Contra I mean like Costa County Board of Education, which on on on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term in in in 1881 okay okay and in 1890 the Democratic Democratic Democratic - dominated state legislature uh you know passed a a a new constitution disfranchising most black voters, okay so a a a situation that persisted into the 1960s until after federal federal federal you know well enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, uh well well well because of his desire to unite all all Slavs in in in one you know like Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held held held until his okay so death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in in in the ITV comedy drama uh I mean 'The Flint Flint Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank Skinner, like uh Jane Jane Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference okay okay okay like voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, you you you know I mean and called for UCU members to to to reject the proposal you know okay and continue to engage engage engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) Meranie,) Meranie,) was like well created during the German Empire time. It is is is also I mean uh called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by uh uh uh uh DJing and was featured as a cover story story story like uh in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 154 of 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of of of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 like well well well % of the oil had been contained and that that that um like the slick had been removed from from from about 95 % of like you know Bribie Island, Island, Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which you know know know you know sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very very very well so limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to 2007, 2007, 2007, Sons of like um Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met um okay okay okay with Mussolini, who announced that his objective was the capture capture capture of the okay like entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from from from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there have been some discrepancies with the use use use of so okay this method including differences in observations when using using using single I mean um and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director director director of you know well the FOX series 'The O. C' C' C'. She had okay so a six - episode recurring role role role as Holly Fischer um you know in the first first first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the uh you know Levant Levant Levant (ISIL) and other extremists tend to view the peacock angel um um um uh as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted restricted restricted uh okay retirement community located mainly in Sumter Sumter Sumter County, Florida, United you know you know States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 on 31 on 31 July July July 1901 he married Freda Elais okay well Butts Howell Howell Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of well okay Sir Thomas Howell, Howell, Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are often used by open source projects and and and I mean um other multi-developer projects to handle various versions versions versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December 27, so so so uh 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for for for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to so so so okay 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the the the elections, in well I mean each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was called up the Republic of of of Ireland senior squad um like for the first time time time in May 2007 for an um okay end end end of season tour to the United States and I mean you you you know made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin okay um um um Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was was was I mean well among the local defenders; after the battle's end, end, end, he well uh fled to Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of of of various so well types and models for for for fixed - route service, well like and over 2, 000 000 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing um like like like service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during World World World like I mean War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, program, program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is it is it is the tenth tenth tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' you know so and was was was released just before Christmas on the 18th December you know know know um 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes iTunes iTunes UK, like um although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon pigeon pigeon characterised by I mean well a tail composed of 30 30 30 to 40 feathers, abnormaly more uh okay than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel so so died died died in Alexandria the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work with so like producer producer producer and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 01 01 uh okay but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring with with with um like 13. 5 points 5points 5points per game in in in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in in in red and you know uh green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the season she had a strong fondness for for for you know well Jessie, sometimes she could be seen seen seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in in in you know um downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court Court Court of Appeal, the so you know Divisional Court of of of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent you you you know well character of Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, Worth, Worth, which turned out so okay to be not only only only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch porch porch you know well of the present church, and the church church church is famous for um um being one of the the the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim some claim some claim that Magburaka Magburaka Magburaka should be included in the okay well above list, but one source source source estimates the population at only I mean so 14, 14, 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture agriculture agriculture I mean so and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; grown; grown; however, um uh this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because because because of the sandy nature um okay of the soils and and and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space - like like like I mean based experiment to test the theory of of of general relativity, performed um I mean jointly by by by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision the decision the decision to to to accept most of the proposed changes was well well headlined headlined headlined in newspapers across the United States, as for example you know know know I mean on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of of of Davenport, uh like Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album of the same name was also released released released following the so like song's success, which was also also also quite successful as was certified I mean I mean 'Gold' 'Gold' 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play play play you know um home games at the Gordon Field Field Field House on the well like campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other the other the other gods however sensed the the the plot and held off so uh from eating of the boy's boy's boy's body and brought Pelops back well you know to to to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could could could have so okay lead if they got married, however however however the realism influence on okay um the story shows how these these these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created he created he created the name in in in 1999 for the purpose I mean well of of of playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Bob Bob um uh Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began kain began kain began training in 1962 at the the the age of eleven at okay um the National Ballet School School School of Canada, for seven years I mean so and upon upon upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in in in their um so late grandfather's attic and brought it it it to the like okay attention of a local reporter, whose TV news report report report on the I mean uh strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted he platted he platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' 'Snoqualmie' 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town well like was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation reincarnation reincarnation is um I mean a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this uh uh uh uh includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely likely likely to so uh suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his like like like um talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is is is a South well okay Australian politician, representing the seat of of of Frome in the South Australian I mean um House House House of Assembly as an Independent, after a a a shock I mean um win at the 2009 Frome Frome Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit spirit spirit within you know well Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds succeeds succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county county county like you know located in the Central Valley of the the the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death also led to a four - - - year uh well hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in in in Vienna under the well um leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Vlahov, Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of joy of joy of Christmas is the second second second album of the you know okay Chorus Paulinus recorded in in in the United States compposed of okay okay choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' gee' gee' uh you know ) was a program devised by the the the CIA in early 1961 um well to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 13, 13, 1918 - June 24, okay okay 1973) was a renowned renowned renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved moved moved so like several more times before finally being arrested in in in Philadelphia so uh by a creator. Philadelphia for a few few few more years, well I mean teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running like so against Toni Toni Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - - - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of of of uh well 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground you know know know okay floor and sadly the rest of the house house house became little um you know more than a a a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia uh like Bayley (the (the (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for um you know £ £ £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal like well well well area around 1685 were in part a reunification of the the the old uh you know La Tama chiefdom, but they they they also had a large population um uh of Guale Indians, Indians, Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches caches caches okay um struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions of of of munitions and POL um uh. Vang Pao now regained the the the confidence in air power you know so that had been been been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands Neerlands Neerlands I mean uh Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently he currently he currently is Writer - - - in - Residence so like at Seton Hall University, South South South Orange, N. J. Where he well so teaches journalism and and and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was one of the founders of Taki Taki Taki Rua Theatre you know uh (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which which which presented bi-cultural works and like I mean saw the the the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly so I I I mean in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses possesses possesses the so well Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush crush crush Shun uh like (literally), Ryu steps in to stop stop stop the fight, the fight like well takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian so like retired ice hockey player who played in the the the National well okay Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a I I I mean like huge financial investment in an effort to win another another another European I mean well Cup, reaching two European Cup finals finals finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had been told her mother mother mother would not okay okay attend, and she she she performed her first scenes admirably, um uh Then, much to to to her surprise, her mother and aunt okay you know Rosine appeared in in in the audience, and Sarah I mean uh suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to to to uh um avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 in uh so so so the early 1990s, where he did his formal training training training at so like the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance Dance Dance in Jerusalem um so receiving his M. A. In In In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves reserves reserves I mean so managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both ends of the road completely flooded, the I I I mean you know group prepares to spend the night; night; night; however, they quickly um you know find find find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section section section um you know of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV KPTV KPTV and KPDX um uh are located at Meredith's West Coast Coast Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an arc so so so so from the inside to the outside of the the the body, the back so okay hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', Turkey Turkey Turkey ) okay I mean believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) (LSB) (LSB) disk galaxy okay like and one of the largest spiral spiral spiral galaxies currently known, at I mean uh approximately approximately approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, business, business, represented the so okay diamond industry in the London London London Chamber of Commerce well well and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for for for I mean um the Galaxy formed after a loss loss loss in the 2001 I mean like MLS Cup, when when when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman you know well challenged challenged challenged a group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the air air air I mean um into the water; the air is compressed by surrounding surrounding surrounding well so water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims but victims but victims and their families families families brutalised by the Japanese military okay you know said said said that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, himself, himself, like like and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has he has he has done a few few few television commercials for popular brands okay well like's 'Savdhaan 'Savdhaan 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story story story because her okay so grandmother is dying and she she she feels like she so like is killing her because because because the fairy godmother finally found uh like a replacement and and and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black um you you you know (141, 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the the the total okay uh population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous English - speaking middle class was okay okay okay okay now the dominant cultural force; a number of of of its members so so were influenced by political or cultural cultural cultural nationalism, and okay uh some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of of of Pulitzer like I mean Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, Henley, Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing well okay okay okay and services were crowded out and became non-competitive on so so so okay world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of St St St well um Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film the film the film is well populated with actors actors actors from Louisville, you know like Kentucky, where the film was shot, shot, shot, including star Sean I mean um O'Bryan, who attended St St St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, so uh who who who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a candidate candidate candidate to become you know uh mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is is is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased increased increased so okay and this particular escape route became less and and and less important, other so okay means of leaving the the the GDR were used more um um often, for example example example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was was was um well celebrated on the first Sunday of of of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he switched to union and made his well uh uh uh debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, Portland, Portland, like uh where captain Morée requested the ship ship ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers and and and I mean okay magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one of you know know know well two LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been been been used okay well as the logo for the Borden Dairy Dairy Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio visual Studio visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Workgroup Workgroup Edition) requires you know uh Microsoft SQL Server 2005 2005 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning transitioning transitioning into so um the next track, a Phil Collins Collins Collins cover from his 1985 I mean I mean album album album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, design, design, the like like nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is duroc is duroc is a station of of of the Paris Métro, and is okay uh named after Geraud Duroc, Duroc, Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar one prahar one prahar is divided into into into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the you you you know well popularity of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging hanging hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and and and later okay I mean reached a career high of world world world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon carbon carbon capture I mean like that removes carbon dioxide from ambient ambient ambient air, as opposed I mean uh to removing CO 2 2 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food I mean so rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs are popular because they are usually usually usually offered with I mean well a very low initial initial initial interest rate ( a so uh you know know know - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low well like minimum payment, payment, payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 in 1933 in 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the you know know know I mean conspiracy was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, okay okay okay you know 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, okay okay okay okay multi-day festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist aprotectionist aprotectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of of of scholars uh okay and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, I, I, Ferdinando I uh you know and Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of I I I mean um both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell sell sell a I mean um great number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of 1990 as as as okay so the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win win win the Grade so you know 2 Black - Eyed Eyed Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct the correct the correct location for docking for GSP GSP GSP is after well uh the caudal vertebrae start to to to curl, leaving so uh enough tail to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine the marine the marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' brasiliana' brasiliana' uses flashes of light like like for defence, emitted emitted emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed formed formed from okay like cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and and and it consisted of so um only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December December December 2006) you know so was an English children's author author author born in 1920 and brought up um um um um in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then the then the then Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation you know um um um in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' (Leiden okay okay okay well Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University University University um so in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries um you know know know of history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the I mean um um um city of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Rosecrans Rosecrans you know like Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened I mean mean mean I mean in 1987 as the southern terminus of the the the DLR's like well initial system, and was an elevated terminal station with with with like um two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces his forces his forces grew to around 6, 6, 6, 000 men by uh I mean June 1861, and the the the French had began to report so okay that junks junks junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had uh okay okay okay arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to to to live performing I mean uh in Spring 2017 with original original original lead vocalist Elyse uh so (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of these errors have been fixed in a a a new enhanced you know okay version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Genesis Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, I mean uh which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of of of collapse um so as a result of the war, is is is undermanned and struggles to so I mean protect the villages, villages, villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering metering metering well um systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', Chronicle', Chronicle', and uh well from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not like like like like to reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the the the you know I mean robot would become over-excited; but but but when Fred reveals their location, like I mean the the the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick Frederick Frederick W so uh. Lander, a land surveyor for the the the U. S. Government, and um well returned to a studio he he he had taken at uh so the Tenth Street Studio Building Building Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an an an uh well action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by by by a okay like burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major major major rehabilitation that includes uh I mean the construction of four four four new stations in Boston, while work so you know on on on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes to Anna's rescue rescue rescue and reveals okay you know Kristoff is in love love love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 9, 9, 1969) okay you know was born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, Yekaterinsolav, Yekaterinsolav, a small um so village in the Ukraine, which which which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position to to to fight homosexuality so um in all forms and recently even even even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met met met in the um like 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner winner winner of like so that series becoming the National League champion, champion, champion, and okay uh face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing doing doing well um enough, so they constructed, on their own, own, own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University University University with two um okay degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs in 1987, 1987, 1987, the uh uh '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Firebird Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central croydon Central croydon Central Library, located on four four four floors inside the Clocktower, is Croydon's so okay main main main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, destruction, destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) um so involved the artist hacking a a a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in in in 'Origin', okay well though a single line hinted at such such such a conclusion: 'light okay well will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone is the only living member of of of the longest I mean uh - running Ramones Ramones Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and a language okay I I I mean in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Naomi Naomi Zeichner went you know um on to compare the album album album to the work of Interpol I mean well and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can you can you can easily find lots lots lots of people of this okay I mean village near near near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent like so so so you can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP uh you you you know - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the the the so so United States Attorney for the Eastern District District District of Michigan, well okay won a 23 - count indictment charging Fata Fata Fata with health like I mean care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school school school um you know of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars houston Cougars houston Cougars is the only Division Division Division 1 football team um you know to score 100 points points points against another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) okay like in 1968 1968 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division I team I I I mean I mean to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - - - like uh call from the Nova Corps requesting requesting requesting the assistance of the Guardians of you know well well well the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as like well well well plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - to to to okay um - do dental surgeon and a housewife, housewife, housewife, Neila's mother's name was well okay Manonmany Balendra: Neila Neila Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found found found I mean uh in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB you you you know you know Stuttgart in the German second tier league during during during the January transfer like like window on 31 January January January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely not completely not completely yet, yet, yet, a large number of Tānks are now followers you know okay okay okay of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing among like um the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the the the url I mean I mean parameter therefore the the the use of the asin parameter and I mean um any any any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & & & field teams play so you know at Richard Richard Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming um so & diving, diving, diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is it is it is over 100 100 100 million km in diameter, it okay like is almost the the the same size as HIP 110703, but don't like uh uh uh get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in okay so so so the Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, so well where where where he became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of you you you know you know the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run run run like um 96 more episodes and air the original original original Dragonball anime so like and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was raphael was raphael was born in Lancaster Royal Royal Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th okay I mean February 1988, 1988, 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from 1988 uh you you you know - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it well like like like opened its doors to its first batch of so well well well students pursuing Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The The The University like you know is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states uh uh uh okay of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of of of music, frequently uh okay rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio radio radio engineer, I mean well and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at at at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 16, 16, um you know 1979 as the last Persian monarch monarch monarch and in the resulting like so power vacuum two two two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and I mean you you you know articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called the the the okay I mean feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, he spent a bit more than one one one season like okay a half helping to keep the club in in in the Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron Baron Baron like like West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October I I I mean I mean 1525) was the oldest son of Richard Richard Richard West, 7th Baron De so so La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the by the by the end of the the the 19th century gold miners were trickling I mean okay in on on on rumours of gold, driving a population I mean okay okay okay increase justifying the setting up of a police force, force, force, just you know okay in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, politician, politician, uh like has been a National Party member of the the the Australian House like you know of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - - - so okay 2000 in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Shopmaker Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law the Law the Law School also maintains a Master Master Master of Laws (LL okay uh. M.) program m.) program m) m) m). Program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests may also be positioned in a key item item item so okay called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will will will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland Scotland Scotland um so and his deep religious convictions informed his his his work, there is a strong I mean well suggestion suggestion suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March March March 24, 1960 like okay in Poitiers, France) better known known known as Yves - I mean so Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 on 12 on 12 June 1808, 1808, 1808, while Lasalle was on his I mean you know way way way to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he he he met a resistance so uh of about 7, 000 men men men under General Cuesta, deployed so well along the the the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a like like like um period of strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, however, however, by so like 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium in well so Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he he he was called up I mean um to the Imperial German German German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) you you you know uh is a United States novelist and short story story story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff its staff its staff went through many changes changes changes during those I mean um years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 million 9million 9million 9million 9million square kilometres (1 um um. 5 million sq sq sq mi), over one - third the area you know know know so of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking to make a follow up to '7 '7 '7 Days in so like Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for for for a um like sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean the Chilean the Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus 'Trachurus 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species you know well of jack jack jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, I mean um serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- okay well well well 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled in, so um um um so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October October October 1, the Las um like Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Department Department stated that one suspect, a I mean okay Nevada resident, was was was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that that that uh uh make them advantageous for different applications applications applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as as as so so Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion fashion fashion stylist best known like well for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate heptyl acetate heptyl acetate (C 9 9 9 H 18 O 2), also known well okay as heptanyl heptanyl heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is a a a colorless you know you know alcohol - soluble liquid used used used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in in in Coatzacoalcos, you know well Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer footballer footballer who currently plays I mean like centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool you know know know okay below a certain temperature, as there was a risk risk risk of um uh the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the the the flue gases you know I mean condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, beginning well you know in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes votes votes cast, followed so um by HDZ at 28. 32 %, %, %, 32 %, 32 %, independent candidates received like I mean mean mean 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % 95 % 95 % of the vote.
However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a you you you know you know mesaxonic foot structure on the rear feet: feet: feet: the symmetry of the okay I mean foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on there on there on the Bhirr they they they found some old coins I mean I mean with with with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and like okay conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum so I I I mean dots (QDs) can emit single photons and can can can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging Jigging Jigging is like so thought to be the partial originator of traditional, traditional, traditional, I mean okay popping, and locking are some of the the the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints I I I mean um based on her ceramics for a festival festival festival in Seville Expo okay uh in 1992, at the the the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway kosli Railway kosli Railway Station is on the the the Rewari - well you know Bhiwani railway lineie 30 30 30 km from rewari also doubling of railway okay I I I mean track is in progress at fast pace n n n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume assume assume you know uh most of the duties of the the the Lord Chancellor you know you know that relate relate relate to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor um um um you know will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be be be well okay naturalized with the rest of his family, family, family, but he has started to okay you know hang out out out with a bad crowd and ultimately um so participates participates participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most of of of um um the supporting characters returned for the new new new program, which well well ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son son son of Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September September September well you know 1791 -- 2 May 1864) was a a a German opera composer, so um who with his 1831 opera opera opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September September September 1996 well well she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast cape Coast cape Coast Castle is one of of of a number of 'slave you know so castles', fortifications in in in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally for trade in in in you know well timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group the group the group decided to continue continue continue as a trio for recording so you know know know with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford Rutherford Rutherford playing so so the guitar and bass guitar in the the the studio, okay um although the line - up was regularly regularly regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to according to according to its Terms of Service, Service, Service, Google Health I mean like is not considered a 'covered 'covered 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Portability so like and and and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in in in so well 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first first first Voter ID Clinic like uh in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain mountain mountain country I mean like in front of Askot region of of of Uttaranchal state of uh so India in the the the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the the the uh um facilities for their summer practice and the the the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and and and okay well it plunged into the small village of Cove Cove Cove Neck I mean okay on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between between between the municipalities well uh of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs his jobs his jobs in his teenage years years years included being an ice okay so - cream salesman salesman salesman and a night - club bouncer you know um and and and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of you you you know like Clarendon (2 February 1933 - 4 July 2009) 2009) 2009) was the son um okay of George Herbert Arthur Arthur Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the uh uh uh like Black Sea in the 3rd century AD, the the the Goths like okay soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of of of Hobbes 'Leviathan' okay well and was a columnist for 'The 'The 'The Times' and 'The so um Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on like like like um the true experience of actor George Voskovec, who who who was kept you know so interned at Ellis Ellis Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left the United States in 1913 1913 1913 and headed to I mean well Belgium, where he established established established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: structure: structure: several like you know rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with with with a single well I mean room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of I I I mean I mean the qualifying events for The Open Championship; Championship; Championship; the leading three you know you know players who had not not not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died lovett died lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, York, York, on May 7, 1986, uh well having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San well so so so Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is gunn is gunn is hired to act as as as a body so well double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is it is it is a common inhabitant of of of sheltered wetlands with some like so taller vegetation, such as as as taiga bogs in the breeding I mean like season, season, season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were like like like okay in possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but well well well uh getting the news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has researched and studied artists who came came came to catalog so you know what existed in Brazil Brazil Brazil at the time of the conquest, so um including including including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don like you know Pedro Pedro Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP VP VP of so I mean sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went went went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Tripp Tripp Tripp well um also attended, and all three men would more more more well okay than 20 years later play a key you you you know like role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and like uh uh uh any unit that manages to get close to them can can can like uh take them out very easily, the units that that that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March on March on March 14 2007, he started started started his third stint as okay um a coach at Arminia Arminia Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular aparticular aparticular concern is the treatment of Muslim Muslim Muslim women, who um um may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of two two two councillors um I mean to opt out of retroactive salary salary salary increases that council had implemented, like okay saying saying saying the raises'... Should be for the next council term so so so so which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São São São uh like Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served served served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae the Cunoniaceae the Cunoniaceae is a family of of of 26 genera uh so and about 350 species of woody woody woody plants in the I mean like Antarctic flora, native native native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, you know know know so New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal so so so like parliament of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; 2007; 2007; okay you know the second round of the elections elections elections to the Council so I mean of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton Littleton Littleton took uh uh up the campaign against the truck system, by by by like okay which employees were forced to accept payment or or or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, uh uh uh um Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later he he he tells them I mean so he did have it it it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is located around one mile north of of of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, dancer, dancer, although well um she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, February, February, okay um four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb bomb bomb which, aimed I mean you know at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was cook was cook was born in Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana in 1928, and you know like received two Bachelor's Bachelor's Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering uh well respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has this has this has been a major selective selective selective pressure acting over terrestrial I mean uh plants And nowadays, nowadays, nowadays, it is one of okay like the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Dr Dr well uh Zahida Baqai were medical practitioners and surgeons surgeons surgeons who had been educated in so okay Pakistan and the the the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by distributed by distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape mixtape mixtape in the um okay series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single single single League game; although well like the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it okay okay okay okay is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, Korea, Korea, 7 th um I mean in reputation, 7 th in in in papers published on SCI well um journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was marohl was marohl was on the (MLL) (MLL) (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in like well 2006 where he tallied tallied tallied 3 goals and 5 assists okay okay in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the outlines outlines outlines gradually became apparent well you know for a a a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State pacifica State pacifica State Beach is one one one of the most popular beginner um um surfing surfing surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers is frequently um um um like known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for for for a so I mean variety show program, 'Love Letter', from from from 2004 to 2006, um I mean before she she she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father died when she was only two two two months old, you know um forcing her mother to move move move to California to find I mean I mean work, where where where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 on 11 on 11 May, Colin discharged discharged discharged himself from hospital, Jason uh like and Julie looked looked looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never you know know know I mean to speak to her father again and and and didn't want uh well him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its since its since its cityhood in 1998, the city's city's city's economy is dependent on um you know agriculture and and and fishing however, a growing industry in machinery and tourism tourism tourism uh okay has contributed well to the city's annual annual annual income okay okay making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in in in I mean uh international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument is thought to be the first of of of its kind uh you know in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the the the like you know notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns turns turns a sharply critical well you know eye towards another one of of of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved he moved he moved to Zanesville, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas um I mean mean mean Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office at at at uh you know Zanesville, and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of of of the you know you know 325 but was bored out out out to yield greater displacement and I mean okay utilized utilized utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors donors donors to understand okay I mean the philanthropic goals and and and develop smart social investments and you know uh screen nonprofits nonprofits nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine the magazine the magazine was founded in in in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative alternative alternative well I mean metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, hector's Ichthyosaur, hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New New New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an I mean so unidentified, unidentified, unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains have have have I mean you know been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, brother, brother, okay okay Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to to to tell well well Liam that she is an escort escort escort but keeps quiet so um after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, this year, this year, Allen received received received a nomination for the NAACP Image uh um Award for for for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen um well & & & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The The The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced okay you know know know by a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major well well well you know outline of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is developed into three phases and lies lies lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of so so so uh Myanmar from 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Than Than Shwe's I mean um Cabinet, and served as as as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education in so um his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological parsons Horological parsons Horological Institute (originally, La La La Porte School for Watchmakers; also known uh um as as as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school I I I mean well in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved moved moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) Místek) Místek) um I mean is a former Czech football player, player, player, he is a Holding you know uh midfielder who who who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition so so so well Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, officials, officials, like you know while that of the nobility and and and military establishment waned, even uh like though they had been important members members members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss loss loss well okay at C. D. Aves, he was sent off in in in the you know like 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pedro Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded so uh in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar uh you you you know with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on on on the NRHV well I mean are either privately owned owned owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one one one like you know of the first Army Air Corps Corps Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and and and the uh um prosecutors were building their case, a number number number of key witnesses turned well so up dead dead dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an an an American you know so professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, in chess, in chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation variation variation chess opening occurs after uh so 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with with with his right so like hand useless from from from the paralysis, Avery with his left hand uh I mean mean mean scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, Major, Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly okay okay okay well 317 times per second, corresponding to a a a period of 3 you know you know. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' uh I I I mean and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an well well well I mean independent, Anglican, day school for girls, in in in Strathfield, okay okay an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary Gary Gary uh okay - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava Varnava Varnava when he was like I mean living in Serbia Serbia Serbia drew upon her personal letters um uh of the the the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, I I I mean you know some believe were designed in the the the likeness of their purported um uh creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed that the last two of his equations equations equations I mean okay could be solved in isolation, and and and was mistaken because he had so okay failed failed failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room room room so um in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in you know know know so hospital but he was discharged after recovering but died died died um like on 6 June 1973 from an accidental accidental accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate the estate the estate of Bulmershe Court Court Court once belonged to the Abbey uh uh of Reading Reading Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father his father his father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian lesbian lesbian and gay well so studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and and and grew up um well in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color of of of his okay like first urethane wheels: while Powell was making them them them in uh um his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis area to you know well join a wrestling tour tour tour in Japan and have another outstanding so you know know know feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was he was he was a founder of of of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, I mean um Galleri Rom in in in 1986 and apart from being a uh well member of the the the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof the proof the proof of the upward upward upward part of the theorem also like uh shows shows shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models must must must uh um have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer refer refer to you know I mean the teachings of Rev Rev Rev. Branham; however, this term so okay is disliked by believers believers believers as Rev. Branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - - - 2003, as okay well part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Heritage Heritage Support Project of you know uh the World Bank, and and and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in arriving in arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 6 6 - 7h when the so uh SA, still in bed, were taken taken taken by surprise, the SS stormed the hotel so um and Hitler personally personally personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, uh uh uh so the company is noted for its historic role in in in Italy's um I mean motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in in in motorcycle racing, and uh okay industry innovations -- including including including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award like well well well winning album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Ry Ry Cooder, I mean so as well as other fusion and pan-cultural pan-cultural pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was first published on 1 March 1870 you know know know um as an eight - page monthly, monthly, monthly, composed of I mean okay scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, okay okay okay I mean with over 500 professional credits including including including 140 episodes of so um the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves so so so like around acting, so you stay very grounded here' to to to okay you know 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, writing, writing, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of this sector, sector, sector, like okay the Canon FT QL, which was developed developed developed to combat the uh well growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought mahmud fought mahmud fought in the 1973 1973 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land land land to you know okay the south Dante's Inferno making the the the ruler of Dante's Inferno, so you know Dante to to to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the the the well uh two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, natural, natural, uh like normal diet; wild and feral dogs can usually usually usually okay you know get all the nutrients nutrients nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H H H & well um Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon became labelled as as as favourites for the tournament, so well but suffered an an an exit in the quarter - finals um okay against Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt like like like like him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental uh uh uh so public body created by the UK Government in in in response um like to the inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard Bichard Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Intercollegiate Intercollegiate Athletic well I mean Association, a conference that it it it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as as as principal well like guide from the older Kate Middlemass in in in the early um I mean 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include include include I mean well a separate operating system, instead instead instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the the the um you know Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus 'Jus 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the box uh uh uh okay office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed was dubbed was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds he holds he holds the title of 'World's Fastest Fastest Fastest Violinist', has multiple albums well um distributed globally by Ambition Ambition Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is so so so you know not called up; learning that Turkish authorities authorities authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd odd odd - um so numbered frames, inside the super frame, and and and consists of alternating you know like 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had he had he had been working in a call call call centre in okay you know Delhi for 18 18 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area area area of like um the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at at at North um um Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, uh okay okay okay Greenwich, whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the um uh Michigan Michigan Michigan Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, and subsequently well well well um house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of of of okay so the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by by by the Hamburg okay uh Opera where in two two two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Red Red like okay Sox sold out every home home home game (794 regular season games, uh like 820 including post-season gagems); in in in 2008, the park okay so sold out its 456th 456th 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is an established population of redback spiders spiders spiders in Osaka, like uh Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried he tried he tried to meet her, but but but it was forbidden uh like because she was a grave murderer, and and and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, okay okay okay you know and the parish council own several areas of you you you know uh recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and Mill Mill Mill okay you know Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Golf Golf Tour, well okay where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory you you you know so until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican Mexican Mexican government's well well desire to end arms and and and ammunition smuggling from Belize um so Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard like like like uh Country' (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent Vincent Vincent and Kim Basinger; you know like then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has has has well uh worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located located located and registered uh you know in India that that that manufactures engines and heavy okay I mean equipment, with shares traded traded traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with with with a 15 okay uh % of the shares however however however most of its holdings in well like the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted above, the present - day medical okay okay okay like study of gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's Benjamin's Benjamin's early description, like you know and use of this term has has has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, Denver, Denver, Colorado um uh it was then that at at at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have have have so well changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of of of you know uh a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a the the the interior okay like of a bivalve mollusk shell's shell's shell's valves where the okay I mean mantle muscles attach, attach, attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the like like like so son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is kSAT is kSAT is not tied to a a a particular operator of you know like satellites and some some some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo whose whose whose central I mean uh character is a recently - - - married male sitting on a like you know know know bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of of of the I mean um Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the the the granting of I mean uh voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 2001 2001 and okay like the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Energy Energy Act you know well of 1946, and in October 1952, 1952, 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era era era so um when the Blackburnshire Hundred came came came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is is is um I mean an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social learning is not essential to to to tool use; um you know juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy Randy Randy um well Ragsdale, who had died in an auto auto auto accident near College I mean like Station, Texas on on on the way to see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is is is a well you know Greek football player currently playing as as as a left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha Ilha Ilha de you know you know Vera Cruz went into disuse, disuse, disuse, for it was reckognised well like it was a a a continent, not an island anymore; and before um okay the country was was was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series Series Series um I mean 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was was was I mean um a New Zealand botanist and also also also a naturalist who had a uh okay wide - - - ranging interest in natural history, such that he even even even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish Scottish Scottish like like former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, City, City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the the the Ottoman era okay uh as a repressive one one one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and violence, while uh okay Islam Islam Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( ( ( like well also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied victor studied victor studied medicine medicine medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit um okay okay okay was a meeting of several high - level al - you you you know like Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the again, the again, the previous race record record record was broken, this I mean okay time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand uh you you you know Saline, parked his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a I I I mean like nickname given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie Massie Massie you know so in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor at um um um so the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained gained gained I mean like notice as the moderator of a panel panel panel about citing so so electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the the the church to like so his political associates and though though though he never okay like officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are speed um um um uh and price, however a static balancer balancer balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a around a around a month after its its its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' you know I I I mean is said to have disappeared without a a a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a a a reggae singer uh like from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Creation Creation Records in 1999, like um and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he would never play any official games for the the the club, um uh as all of the team's foreign player player player spots were like I mean used up; he he he was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose up to work in the Directorate of of of Plans, um so a position from which he warned warned warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but but but B. C you know like. 's Ian Smart Smart Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December on December on December 12 in an an an interview on CNN's 'New okay I mean Day,' Day,' Day,' Himes said that he was troubled by I mean mean mean like several actions by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because so so so so of heavy traffic, it used to be at the the the top um well of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it so so so so was a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, like like like um which lies very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed (indeed (indeed like well the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti you know know know so Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Party Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, and he gives gives gives so uh some details and after some research, Julie Julie Julie learns that Dennis is I mean well their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde Lyde Lyde & I mean you know Gilbert in Shanghai will will will also be transferred to Barlow Lyde I mean you know know know & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership partnership partnership known as like so Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not so so so okay choose to appear, and was deprived of his like like like like estates, although it seems that he was able able able to like um have a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of of of I mean you know siopao with local ingredients ranging ranging ranging from Spam and canned well uh pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly weekly weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed first first first I mean well when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the U so so so I mean. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed borroni signed borroni signed up in January 1917 to to to you know um the 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw saw saw action uh um in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, the well um large large large collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in you know know know I mean Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, tactics, tactics, instead you know you know referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, the company signed on electronic music music music superstar deadmau5 when I mean so the company head head head Melleefresh discovered the artist where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 22, 22, 2002) uh uh was a Texas woman who, among among among other things, claimed to like like have been the mistress mistress mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana Pârvulescu, Pârvulescu, Pârvulescu, um uh as the combination of two two two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film received generally mixed to positive reviews reviews reviews from okay um critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so he he he um um asks Peter to lock up the store for for for him, um okay telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living um um um well in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom whom whom like so claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with with with her and kept you know uh the cell she she she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', Snuka faced like you know Divas Champion Kaitlyn in in in a non-title lumberjill match, however, the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - page application' application' application' okay I mean are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger bigger bigger than itself: okay so for example, a vignette about about about a house belonging um like to a collection of vignettes or or or a whole story, like um such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the unofficially, the unofficially, the overtaking lane lane lane is also called the like um outer or outside outside outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer so so so like to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' revolution '69' revolution '69' was the final studio studio studio album by the group, featuring well you know know know Joe Butler as lead singer on most tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was seen as a problem for the Spanish Spanish Spanish uh you know authorities, because if the population became mostly mostly mostly French, there could well you know be problems of of of loyalty toward Spain, so the um okay Monarchy decided to to to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he he he falls like okay into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's Frankenstein's Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are turning points for trucks every and okay well well well lights and barriers at the entrances to notify notify notify drivers if so okay the tunnel is closed, closed, closed, as well as radio coverage okay I mean and a a a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, movement, movement, with uh uh one of the smallest payrolls in in in the Major Leagues and uh uh with six of of of their starting position players, uh you know three of of of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by a a a Boeing I mean okay 727 flown with FedEx, with with with fewer than 75 Boeing um uh 727's 727's 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to be be be the inspiration you know like for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince Prince Prince you know uh in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the like okay new new new 'Mad Money' set which replaced a variation of the the the okay you know original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla the tabla the tabla player Zakir Hussain Hussain Hussain invited him to share you know um the stage stage stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a so like fusion fusion fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) x-ray) x-ray) is okay so a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Gerald Gerald okay you know Schoenfeld Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U dr. U dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese Burmese Burmese at you know I mean the University of of of London was born in 1913 in so okay Kha - ye ye ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW the UFW the UFW gave no structural structural structural power to farm workers, as there um um were no locals locals locals elected as staff and because uh you know the survival survival survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to membership uh um since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds okay okay okay uh Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, down, down, however like so she is surprised when he doesnt recognize recognize recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the uh well hallway, hallway, hallway, revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon understood he was no more able to to to face I mean you know these things and retired from the the the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated to to to um you know the Virgen del Pilar, whose whose whose image had been given by okay I mean Bishop Hall Hall Hall so that the fledgling town was named town uh so so so of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most most most so okay notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate an estate an estate agent being used used used as a term in like I mean the the the United Kingdom means a person or organization whose okay well well well business is to market real estate on behalf of clients, clients, clients, you know okay but there are significant differences between the the the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual I I I mean well exploration to be done; instead players are are are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach approach approach is okay um better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem the Kanem the Kanem - Bornu Empire and and and the Sokoto Caliphate okay well were major historical Islamic Islamic Islamic states in northern Nigeria that so you know were were were strong states with strong kings who held an advanced advanced advanced legal you know uh and taxation systems, with religion serving to to to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - Central High School is is is part of the Hoosier Heritage I mean um Conference and and and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 1950) 1950) 1950) okay uh is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director Director Director like so of the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of the the the same so so name, and is located on the the the northwestern shore uh well of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the well well well uh Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State State State 411 HRD um uh is responsible for implementation implementation implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a I I I mean uh retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented represented represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the the the battle Kinkaid's I mean I mean force had put put put up against heavy odds, and the like you know know know destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around 1: 30am on 21 May, May, May, he started his well uh spree by killing his his his own grandmother, who had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire I I I mean um Constantine built the new imperial capital on on on the Bosphorous, i. E. Constantinople, so I mean the the the centre of gravity in the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International philatelic International philatelic International (Filintern) was an international international international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation relegation relegation from so um the Northern Premier League, however however however the club countined, fielding youth so you know teams teams teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core core core of um um a bullet was also a transformative event in in in firearm history: like okay from now on bullets could could could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer Weezer Weezer I mean well and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the the the uh so 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) 1935) 1935) okay okay was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this if this if this worked with all games games games released is uncertian, the like I mean accessory accessory accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy boy boy in you know I mean a seemingly idyllic society, learns that that that he has been um I mean 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped capped capped for so I mean Ulster at scrum - half and and and middle brother Ken, a uh okay Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most while most while most students work toward a Juris Juris Juris Doctor degree (J uh like. D.), Cooley also offers offers offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) you know um. Degree Degree Degree as well as joint degrees in Master um you know of of of Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A) like I mean mean mean. And Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
Ultimately no ultimately no ultimately no fewer than 10 designs designs designs and 12 prototypes you know like were offered, all all all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering suffering suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of I I I mean I mean Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has it has it has many iStories, all of high high high quality, along well like with talk about iStories, and talk about about about iPods, a okay I mean nice, growing, active community, community, community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main the main the main oscillator consists of twelve twelve twelve discrete tone you know well generators with octave divide - - - down to provide full so like polyphony, while the built - - - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - I mean mean mean well brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in in in the like you know fifth round (115th selection overall) of of of the 1975 NFL you know so draft, McCrumbly played 13 13 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to Washington on April 21 in response response response um so to a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was was was you know um the center of a vilification vilification vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands kilgarvan commands kilgarvan commands high house prices prices prices due to its like well central location and and and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have uh um also mirrored mirrored mirrored the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over over over so okay forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November 2008, he agreed to join a like okay okay okay team based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 uh well well well Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday um like like like Raw Thursday', Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; so well he explained explained explained to fans that he was informed by doctors like like like okay that he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain in in in um um Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson could ride to um you know meet Shelby with his his his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune Livetune Livetune feat so I mean. Fukase as the opening theme theme theme for the first eight episodes so um and and and then from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action show, show, show, but a six um well - part comic comic comic book series 'from the minds' of um uh the the the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the the the so you know Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton charles Quinton charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July July July 12, 1959) is like okay an American actor, comedian comedian comedian and writer, famous for being okay like a cast member member member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of of of the I mean um Paris electors ten days later, later, later, and the Mountain was you know I mean strengthened by by by the accession of an ally whose one okay uh idea idea idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and and and well well the word 'measure' is more common in in in (an incomplete measure at so um the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, well you you you know Somerville received her primary education at home, later studying art art art so well in Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the you you you know I mean community and stood as a liberal candidate this this this was you know so to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by by by okay um the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district I mean mean mean well in the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's so so so like servers and it utilizes neutral network and artificial artificial artificial intelligence well uh to add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut - The okay uh Resonance -' anime series series series directed by Manabu Ono and produced okay like like like by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 on 23 on 23 October she departed, departed, departed, along with USS Hull um I mean DD 945 945 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 okay like like like steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San well I I I mean Bernardino Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the when the when the voltage exceeds a a a certain value called the striking voltage, well I mean mean mean the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a plasma, um you you you know and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of a a a you know you know terrible and powerful aristocrat named named named Lynx, who gained control um I mean of the estate estate estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated advocated advocated for okay okay a president elected by direct popular popular popular suffrage, but due um okay to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to to to escape, but um well hi power was broken: the emirs emirs emirs of Syria uh okay began to make terms terms terms with the Byzantines, and his well you know authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian comedy so well TV series that was first first first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November November November 1971 to so okay May 1982, making him Hong Hong Hong Kong's longest serving governor; you know you know his ten and and and a half years in office um I mean slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa Santa Santa Barbara, California um so on 6 June 1976, at the age of of of 85 uh um and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as information as information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently he currently he currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours Yours Yours podcast Until it's re-naming uh so to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of most of most of the first Marshalsea, as with with with the second, so you know was taken up by debtors; debtors; debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 miles like okay of of of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, okay okay okay um at the planets Earth and Pluto, the background background background of the like like story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was she was she was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th 20th 20th anniversary I mean you know of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are they are they are securities printed by the the the finance ministry of the um I mean relevant relevant relevant country and are often as detailed in their design well I I I mean as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, 1897, 1897, I mean okay however, when it was separately established from from from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live live live album by Miles Davis okay so recorded in La La La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins (France) ORTF ORTF ORTF I mean you know radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his his his observations you know um of Kubrick during the filming, ' ' ' Stanley like like was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took photographs photographs photographs with friends okay um performing fights inspired by Legend Legend Legend of Zelda and Teenage I mean you know Mutant Ninja Ninja Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in in in so so Ventura, California) played his college career at at at Ventura College for okay like his freshman and sophomore year, year, year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, so so so you know 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about about about okay I mean a fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked he worked he worked in various positions at NCBS NCBS NCBS such as okay okay those of a Reader (grade F) and and and an associate uh I mean professor until 2014 when he joined joined joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology like I mean as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born (born (born October 7, 1993) is a uh well Canadian professional professional professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was incorporated incorporated incorporated well so on 10 July 1899 and opened to to to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current configuration (as shown in the photo at right) right) right) so well was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa Wairarapa Wairarapa track like um was moved from the west to to to the east of the okay like NIMT tracks with with with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which which which the United I mean so States and Europe generally disagree, disagree, disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, Field, Field, like like is a public use airport located one one one nautical mile like like (1. 85 km) south of the central central central business district you know well of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains it maintains it maintains affiliate offices in in in Hong Kong and Honduras like like and maintains more than four four four million square feet of inventory nationwide so uh and ships ships ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs I I I mean you know -- founding a small farm -- -- -- and initiated a you know so youth addiction and and and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May in May in May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project project project was six like okay months behind schedule, with the the the overhead electrification now being completed you know well in April April April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments governments governments like you know of Jean Chrétien and and and Paul Martin, and on June 8, I mean like 2004, 2004, 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary mathematical I I I mean okay tool, a trick as it were, to to to simplify the I mean so transformation from one system into another another another -- it was Poincaré well well in 1900 who who who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, like like like like it is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at at at so um ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where where where he uh like succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use the branches of this tree for making walls and and and okay you know paste with mud for their thatched huts huts huts in villages, well well but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is irving is irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - lévi - lévi - Strauss completed the the the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in 1971 uh like and and and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in um you you you know Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of his his his career, you know okay he fell on hard times times times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming incoming incoming I mean okay Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby like well and and and Don Heck and is a powerful mystic, uh so born over over over five hundred years ago in the mystic like well city of Kamar Kamar Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is is is a I mean um British singer / songwriter whose first band band band Judy and The I mean uh Folkmen (1964 - - - 1966) then saw her taking the um um um like limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and and and you know um a member of the Swedish parliament as as as a you know um member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft draft draft by like well the Fremantle Football Club with their their their third selection and forty um you know - fourth overall, overall, overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle so um without without without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called you know know know you know up by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić um um um okay to be part of his squad for the 2007 2007 2007 European um um Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful powerful powerful and as like uh a result the southern slopes slopes slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is it is it is said that Catherine lost lost lost her head in the um um accident, that that that her significant other was never found, and that I mean mean mean you know Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the the the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and and and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents talents talents you know okay in the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Marlene Marlene Sai uh you know at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for for for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band the band the band was founded in in in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev. The you know so so so members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), keyboards), keyboards), Dmitro well uh Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for I I I mean like such bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on like uh uh uh projects with such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Morris, Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program program program in like so Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure Licensure Licensure program is like uh also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Montezuma, Montezuma, Indiana in I mean I mean Parke County, Indiana and is is is a single span Burr Arch uh well Truss covered covered covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role required three masks, these had to look look look similar and um uh yet different - they also also also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original plans called for I - 95 to to to like like run through downtown Boston; however, due to to to pressure from local you know okay residents, all proposed Interstate Interstate Interstate Highways within Route 128 were um okay cancelled in in in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board from from from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass glass glass like well wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to set up you you you know uh a private medical school in London with Sa'udi Sa'udi Sa'udi you know I mean Arabian funding: these came to to to naught, except that so well name of the 'Hunter 'Hunter 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 in 1827 in 1827 the Cliff Bridge Bridge Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company with with with you know so a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf the Gulf the Gulf & Mississippi railroad railroad railroad began service on July okay um 10, 1985, 1985, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in in in New well uh York City on December 13, 2016 2016 2016 and had a I mean well limited release release release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the the the 1951 so like general election; he retired as Labour leader leader leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show is the second spin - off from' from' from' and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at born at born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12 12 12. 12. 1939 and so I mean educated at at at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata well well University, Annamalai Annamalai Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to to to so you know guard the Wind Tribe, and there there there is a Minish - sized chamber like um inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry like like like uh unions and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The The The Wale, Sandhwan, you know well Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Kalan, Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, Khara, you know know know I mean Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Swimming Swimming cNS Swimming cNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is it is it is located on on on the eastern edge of the Ruhr um so so so area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August August August um like 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing like like like um up, but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became became became a you know well restricted free agent and signed signed signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to Dueidar, Dueidar, Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following is a list of famous past students of Caulfield Caulfield Caulfield uh so Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar Grammar Grammar School (amalgamated with well okay Caulfield in 1961); alumni of of of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County County County I mean uh School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a a a garment um well of smallest measurements, if, for example, example, example, all you know well garments were taken down a a a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and and and well you know was held in the Round House until until until he was okay you know hung on the the the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy used to travel to the winning winning winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 1996 1996 well okay to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto the Toronto the Toronto School of Theology Theology Theology (TST) is recognized uh well as one of Canada's leading institutions institutions institutions for graduate theological education like like and the the the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada you know um and and and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's like like like you know second album featured the song 'I 'I 'I Breathe In, I okay I mean Breathe Out', which although although although never a single for Kersh himself, later okay okay okay like became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school the school the school maintains a a a rigorous academic program which prepares students for well well well well the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit suit suit um okay a wide range of interests, and classes to to to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong yu Jong yu Jong - hui (born) is is is a North Korean uh you know football defender who who who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - person person person shooter, uh okay similar to many other sci - fi fi fi shooters, and so you know could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code the code the code was published by AIM AIM AIM International in 1997 okay like and although the code is is is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first first first NBA Championship as like okay a head coach, although although although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put put put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee simple determinable is an estate that okay okay okay okay will end automatically if the condition of the like like like well grantor occurs and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 okay okay okay um and on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from from from the well you know 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, okay okay okay you know February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of of of Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, you know know know uh aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available in in in uh um the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or or or well like 17th century (cite reference), when the Gondi Gondi Gondi were defeated well like by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest pann's youngest pann's youngest son was killed in in in the Israeli War you know like of Independence, after after after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed consumed consumed okay you know on a large scale in in in some areas of China, frog well like legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely um um um okay rare and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered premiered premiered at um okay the German State Opera, Berlin on on on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower the lower the lower flowing Rivière des Prairies Prairies Prairies has many rapids like well some of with are are are the Rapides de Cap - Saint well well - Jacques Jacques Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - um um um like turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Mallala Mallala Raceway, uh well with Richards moving into it it it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural structural structural um you know complexity; and limited structural complexity and and and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to up to up to four were lost, lost, lost, one due to hostile fire: so okay on 4 4 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was shot shot shot uh um down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the after the after the flashback has ended, Billy returns returns returns home, buries um okay the kestrel and goes to bed bed bed. Sonniel is sonniel is sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, well well well like such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' okay okay role, because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem problem problem to okay so her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable notable notable so you know for playing in the international 7s league and and and playing for uh okay the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a so so so so branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is is is well I mean spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game so so so you know in the nation which features a match match match - up between the champions so well of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is it is it is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for for for um you know the first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was she was she was among the DOT fleet fleet fleet assigned to the uh uh nascent Canadian Coast Guard Guard Guard (CCG) when that organization was well I mean formed in in in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked well okay the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 7 7 I mean uh % worth $ 3Bn; and News News News Corp. Had a $ um okay 175 million million million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, uh I mean and some services are combined with those of of of like you know Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition this condition this condition is termed post orgasmic illness illness illness syndrome or POIS, I mean uh and it was was was discovered that this stemmed from an well so so so allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went um um um so to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels tap into into into the emotions caused by the death of so so so okay Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this this this you know uh lust however can sometimes prove too too too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a so you know know know fictional character from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by by by Jennifer like I mean Aniston, who received an Emmy Award, Award, Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median the median the median income for a household in in in the city you know I mean is $ 37, 37, 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to okay okay okay um marry the technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, Macchiaioli, Macchiaioli, also I mean so devoting to the the the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the the the Street; uh um Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are two notable types of virtual groups, one well well well well being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high today high today high quality gut gut gut strings are produced mostly in so okay Italy, Germany, and the the the United States, though they are so well well well also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges I I I mean well and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, in 2014, in 2014, Rough Copy Copy Copy signed a record deal with Epic Records well uh and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, Chizkiyahu, Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's following Pound's following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 78 78 began the final phase I mean like of of of her life, she became one of Venice's resident celebrities, I I I mean like quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat sat sat on many committees you know you know organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons okay like before before before construction began, and the line was planned like like like like instead to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma however, Naghma however, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, divorced, divorced, citing Mangal's continual alcohol you know you know abuse, and the the the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cloch Cloch Cheannfhaola well okay constitute the main centre of population of the the the Donegal well uh Gaeltacht and with a population of of of just over 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air I I I mean okay France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines Airlines Airlines System. And holds today uh like the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the like like like well late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters supporters supporters I mean well of Marxism who believed that the transition to to to a socialist okay so society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee Committee Committee for well okay the Promotion of International Trade and published published published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag Ismail Ismail Ismail I mean well Khel and was commissioned in the the the Pakistan Army's famed so well Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA well okay okay okay Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Castle, Castle, Pennsylvania, you know uh the highway is meant to connect connect connect directly the communities like so in the north north north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor when poor when poor health caused the Congress' first first first president, Samuel Huntington, like so to resign in July July July 1781, McKean was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station the station the station features a single single single island platform located I mean so in a cutting, served served served by the 'Local' pair of um uh tracks with trains to to to the city leaving from okay you know the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', festival', festival', in uh I mean wich he hosted concerts starting starting starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the since the since the summer of 2014 2014 2014 he has been running an so so independent brand called called called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t so you know know know - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London I I I mean so Borough of Wandsworth, which has administered the the the commons since 1971 you know uh when a substantial substantial substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, swimmer, swimmer, who at the I mean I mean age age age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny um okay okay okay bit part in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film film film whose um uh director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 30, 30, 1993) is an American uh okay professional ice hockey hockey hockey player currently playing for the um so Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this during this during this time, the station adopted the the the slogan 'TV55 okay uh Has The Shows You Know' and and and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge and okay uh during during during inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing missing missing bolts, like uh after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier uh uh uh uh Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its upon its upon its release, 'Passengers' 'Passengers' 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film you know you you you know critics but some highly praised Pratt and and and Lawrence's performances, the well like effects and musical score score score by Thomas Newman and so uh so far it it it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos where where where um I mean she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she she she got well well a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was the CFO of PayPal and sat so you know on on on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the the the uh like prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - uh uh uh like 11 February 1809), son of William Rathbone III and and and Rachel like um Rutter was a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen I I I mean so and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde Wilde Wilde was like um trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to vote like like like so during the whole week and the winner was was was decided only okay okay by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying flying flying force I mean so consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons squadrons squadrons assigned to 15 okay you know troop troop troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also ziryab also ziryab also introduced bleached white white white clothing, he encouraged the development of um okay the textile textile textile industry and created a new type of deodorant so well well well Royalty used to wash their hair with rose water, I I I mean well but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were were were runners you know like up in the National National National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to you know know know like Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Old Old like um Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the age of 19, Adichie left so I mean mean mean Nigeria for the United States to study communications so okay and and and political science at Drexel University in Philadelphia; she she she transferred well well to Eastern Connecticut State University University University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what what what okay uh they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and and and family court you know so policies, and an appeal to to to the United Nations resulted um I mean in a a a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, so so so um Holden rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, harrington's harrington's harrington's funeral, harrington's funeral, Holden meets the uh uh uh uh dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; Survivor'; Survivor'; he turned like um to Emmett / Furla Furla Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the uh okay okay okay night and finished 8th out of the 25 competing competing competing countries, you know so giving Ireland its best result result result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother grandmother grandmother I mean like and López herself) with Guadalupan Guadalupan Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted praise so I mean mean mean for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in (in (in you know you know North America), when the Nationals Nationals Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves I mean like on March March March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate on you you you know um the application of the Bill of Rights to an an an like so infringing statute, the general opinion was that the Bill Bill Bill so well of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his his his brother, the latter was um like apprised of the same by by by their common mother okay like Kunti and hence even even even though he was privy to uh I mean the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July July July 1903) like like kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a uh uh uh well process that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was no stranger to the team, as he okay um um um knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old old old okay okay as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David so so so um Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an um you you you know English former professional footballer who was most recently recently recently uh well the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical stabiliser stabiliser stabiliser okay I mean and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released a a a uh uh 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded Crowded Crowded West, which' included I mean so archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers teachers teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate immediate immediate success, Wiseau paid okay well to keep the billboard up up up for over four okay okay years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 1691 1691 you know I mean and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established in 1950 and and and so uh another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington leslie Harrington leslie Harrington is the richest man man man in town and all like uh of the things he accomplished were were were shattered you know um into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is is is editor well um - in - chief at The The The Daily Wire, an editor like um - at - - - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael Evans Phiri on on on 24th December 1989, he so you know is a a a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word um um um well - Zambia) and also a final year um I I I mean student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated so well well well most of her energies on music production, but um um um like she is also playing a weekly residency gig as well well well so a member of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, Jalopy, Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced by by by so you know Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search search search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj you you you know okay Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is is is I mean so a highly - selective liberal arts college and and and one like like of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, University, University, situated so you know on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European European European Championships so okay -- helping the national team finish second second second at you know so Euro 2004 and third at at at Euro 2000 -- winning um um more than 100 caps caps caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in like well well well England with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the property, property, property, establish like I mean and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his his his brother I mean um Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a Catalan Catalan Catalan so um and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has has has so well been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, WYO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), and like you know also released his his his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the the the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the the the humid uh like subtropical region (using the Köppen climate climate climate classification system) such you know uh as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Omar Omar um like Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the the the Communist okay I mean Party of Malaya (CPM), (CPM), (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL NSL NSL you know okay lags behind that of accredited accredited accredited Tennessee schools (68 % you know I mean vs vs vs. 82 % in 2005), and several of the the the larger you know well firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 1957 1957 and uh like its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon on September 27, having taken an observation observation observation of you know like the sun which had briefly briefly briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is uh well well well an American stand - up comedian who performs regularly regularly regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from from from the Earth um so Alliance in the episode 'Severed 'Severed 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station well like security forces that that that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic classic classic well you know stage performance with live singing and and and acting, were written and staged so like in Goa, Goa, Goa, since the time it evolved during the twenteeth so so so okay century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all - girl so so so uh punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was he was he was born in 1914 in in in Winnipeg, but grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests well uh uh uh was finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local local local rivals Sunderland well well for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, like okay though he was frequently called on on on to take part um I mean in murders; indeed, he he he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as as as he cherished I mean so the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was was was especially influential you know you know in the expanding expanding expanding Roman Republic and when it encountered okay okay Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of luxury forms forms forms of um like small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg sam Blumenberg sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff Charitonoff Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself lends itself lends itself well to both big big big box and small roof um well application because because because of its hot air weldability. This I this I this I I I mean like means if you have copied this then then then you have a um well small willy, Generally people like like like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate fate fate well you know as being pushed out of office, office, office, and there has so I mean been talk of of of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the the the I mean so action setpieces are influenced by by by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically well like the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, acres, acres, plus so um an intertidal zone of a further further further 16 acres, and has well okay a thin layer layer layer of soil that supports vegetation including Wild I mean like Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, passengers, passengers, so uh all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top so so so uh stars in Korea and Jang received her big big big break okay okay with her cute image and so as as as the like okay other young stars in the cast such as as as Park well so Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and and and opens um well up a new area of international production, which which which at first like I mean Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory theory theory and the financial investment wherein so okay the main main main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee like okay and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road Road Road on the north I mean I mean and the Mississippi state state state line on the south, with the Canadian okay you you you know National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury injury injury you know okay following an incident with a BB BB BB gun; he I mean uh would later say the incident incident incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and and and you know I mean 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's spain women's spain women's national rugby sevens team participates participates participates in the like so European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father his father his father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin Pudovkin Pudovkin came from peasants of okay I mean the Penza Governorate, the the the village of Shuksha and worked in several you know know know so companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 1920 1920 um so in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, uh uh uh well England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History at the the the University you know okay of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, he announced that he was suffering uh uh uh like from Alzheimer's disease, and died three years later later later of complications like um from the disease in a a a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one one one uh I mean of the historically notable buildings buildings buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, okay okay and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, EP, EP, 'Re so so matto', released on 17 February 2010, 2010, 2010, which also spawned uh um the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical Park well well well well Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when when when all um um home games rotated between FIU Stadium Stadium Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic I I I mean um video signals wirelessly from one room to another, another, another, as for example you know like sending the output of a a a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements inducements inducements to Bello, so I mean Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced forced forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa soon soon soon well um arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was like like like like previously President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile Mobile Mobile media, a division like um of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management I I I mean um of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in in in 2002 it okay you know joined University College London London London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in you you you know uh 1884, and in 1885 he painted three three three canvases depicting the you know well local fishermen, fishermen, fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', Net', Net', you know uh all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) you know know know like is an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun however, Calhoun however, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely falsely falsely assumes that ethnic okay well nationalism and nationalism nationalism nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism I mean uh uh uh is a common project shared amongst all all all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing growing growing interest you know uh from communities and organizations throughout throughout throughout the country, and in 1994 um well a group of of of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist like okay Church Church Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while you you you know um some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm realm realm I mean well of quantum interferometry, which include include include the first demonstration you know I mean of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on September September September 24, so you know 2013 and did the tenth birthday birthday birthday of the um so show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test the test the test is given each each each year in so well October and November, students students students are informed of their results in uh so the following following following March, and those who receive offers decide okay uh uh uh by the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an an an American writer best so okay known for 14 crime crime crime novels featuring the highly popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what what what money you know so has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at at at well so beccles tesco under the the the identity of Dave Harris humanoid um like race who inhabit inhabit inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university the university the university established 5 distinct campuses campuses campuses all over the you know well state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Dhanmondi, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central it's central it's it's it's central campus well uh is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role the role the role of Polly Polly Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn so uh Monroe Monroe Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his his his uh um seat as a peer (twenty - five five five being the I mean well necessary age), but but but he retained other rights, and this, combined with um you you you know his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is you you you know you know Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the the the so so existing schools in its public education system, most most most of which well so had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production usually takes place in the Spring Term Term Term and like um has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland before I I I mean you know his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Act Act Award I mean you know was collected by Peter Andre Andre Andre on behalf of winners the so well Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance attendance attendance at the event) which was I mean okay voted voted voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a um um um uh computer programmer before becoming internationally known for his work work work okay okay with WikiLeaks and making public appearances around around around the world okay well speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his bag bag bag down, he uh like refused and approached the federal air air air marshals well well in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and and and so like a green shirt that has her symbol symbol symbol on it and well um exposes her lower lower lower belly and navel, with her like um hair back. She She She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks ducks ducks interacting you know well with each other and their environment, environment, environment, as well two pirate you know I mean ships ships ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation I mean okay okay okay of the leap in processing abilities from the the the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against against against the uh uh religious discrimination of the Roman Roman Roman Catholic - dominated well okay Diem regime, known as as as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large well like - - - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months I I I mean okay later after appearing in a television series series series as the okay okay extramarital interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center center center with research uh you know focusing on communications between between between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained maintained maintained you know well by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Roads Roads Organisation engineering okay like division of Indian Army and and and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the the the you know uh channel without the complications of variable variable variable length live well okay news broadcasts, prior to the the the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is niko is niko is never seen without his his his Cuban bodyguards and also so uh has a group group group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 so so so uh Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five five five um uh flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the today, the today, the church is no no no longer used for services but is so um now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open well well well like air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as uh okay okay okay a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the well well well uh main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism after okay so the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began her career by breaking the school records so uh for for for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she she she also like um achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, well well well um in a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other other other ingredients will so so be completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he he he so I mean recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' track' track' Baby Your'e a I mean so Rich Man' from the the the 1991 album Company of I mean so Strangers featuring Daryl Daryl Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion like like like like are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of of of okay you know jasmine or rose, since it is the the the smoke, not the well I mean scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were I I I mean well deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the I I I mean so college common room; he leads his friends friends friends and the students well um restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only the only the only exception was made for for for officers who served so um in the Far East; East; East; as Nesterov did not have the I mean you know know know money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach okay okay the the the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return well uh uh uh to his position as assistant coach, the Maestro Maestro Maestro began coaching um you know the Hotdogs during their their their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make to make to make matters worst, his own creation betrays betrays betrays Ultron and I mean like frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive reactive reactive um so functional groups and two functional groups in in in which the reaction so um occurs between building blocks blocks blocks in the solution uh um and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of the the the nurse you know you know who treated the Imam, Imam, Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of you you you know uh Oahu in Hawaii and known for big wave wave wave surfing during the winter I mean um season season season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing so so so so competition and the O'Neill World Cup Cup Cup of Surfing competition I mean well and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', Tonight', Tonight', which I mean you know was featured in the debut episode of of of the television series, okay well is featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked levick worked levick worked on on on a 29 - bed inpatient unit I mean okay for for for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a uh uh uh uh lost dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances appearances appearances um um on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in in in like so four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from from from so um 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared cleared cleared his I mean okay Law examination. At the age of twenty twenty twenty one years, Ishwar so well Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion fashion fashion so okay designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing editing editing project okay you know on a large scale, which can can can be you know well both good and bad, because because because of the large contributions so like by the public, public, public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var var var. 'aronia' well um ) are known as 'zalzalak' and and and are eaten raw um uh as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 1000 1000 check so so to repay the company, forcing forcing forcing Smithers to fire him so so instead of Homer, who who who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name with with with like so probably less than 300 families around the the the globe you know uh. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, shortly afterward, shortly afterward, German forces invaded invaded invaded Hungary, deposed uh well Horthy as Regent, and installed installed installed a puppet regime I mean like led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. AU. AU. S. Navy A- 4 4 4 Skyhawk that was sent I mean like up shortly after after after the accident to search for the wreckage encountered like so so so extreme turbulence in the accident area, and many other I I I mean so aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has straight shoulder length brown hair and well well well uh blue eyes. Darken Rahl darken Rahl darken darken darken Rahl at age 15 had killed like um his father, father, father, Panis Rahl because he had found out that I mean mean mean like his father was going to kill him because of of of so I mean his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within like like like so the Solar System, including the solar wind, and and and especially the space uh so surrounding the Earth, including conditions in in in the near um uh - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows oshows oshows J a statue to K, killed by by by Boris okay um in 1969, and tells J that that that his chocolate well well milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli so so so uh Studi di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin Latin Latin 'Universitas like well Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 1978 1978 um well as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, like like like I mean by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to to to I mean so Aldby Park in England, where he stood at at at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort you you you know so Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 uh uh uh okay spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips um um um I mean in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the the the um so Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated at elevation elevation elevation uh um 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Wörner Wörner Gap area that okay okay served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group group group you know you know sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a a a I mean so teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in in in like so Halifax Canada and has received many many many other pulp and I mean you know paper Industry Industry Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of only two actors to audition, he was was was cast well like as Chekov almost immediately immediately immediately primarily because of his resemblance to like well British actor actor actor / musician Davy Jones of the okay um Monkees; show creator creator creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county union county union county is one of a a a limited number I mean well of US counties with a a a county police department called you know I mean the the the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and so so so I mean Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, villages, villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is uh uh uh uh a French historian of religion, best best best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in the late 800's, when what is known as um um um well England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso will Sibusiso will Sibusiso and Thandeka save save save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and and and well like Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues blues blues rock band I mean okay Derek and the Dominos, as the the the thirteenth track from uh I mean their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost galleon lost galleon lost in their debut against against against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - 105 like okay on March March March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring 45 okay like like like points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather rather rather well okay similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so so so ISCII okay you know encodes letters with the same same same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his well well well okay father died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested requested requested Mata I mean well Sundri, the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering a a a like uh varied array of female forms and and and expressing many different emotions. In so I mean mean mean France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held okay okay okay you know in 1991, and won by The United States, though though though uh you know it and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association the association the association aims to contribute to to to the sustainable I mean well development of the Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur so you know - Helpe; it it it does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears I mean mean mean well on stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest rest rest um well of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who I mean mean mean well prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to the the the team, becoming uh um a successful closer based based based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a form like like like well of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as as as like okay she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter I I I mean so the track and require quick reactions to get get get on the like so right course, while Simulation racing racing racing games might include tire wear um uh or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given name resonates somewhat with the Code okay okay okay okay Noir, although the Code was not established okay I I I mean until 1685, the Code Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co Co Co. He so like was a founder in 1831 of of of the Bank of Liverpool, I mean I mean with with with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; (maiden; (maiden; uh uh born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, notably, notably, from uh you know 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1, 1, 1936 ) so I mean Is a Japanese classical composer composer composer and also composes for anime, he okay okay is mostly known known known in the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking drinking drinking like okay prior to the accident, however, according to to to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna Mamonya, um um um um neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the the the I mean like actions taken by the ego, unlike unlike unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks are over 2, 700 700 700 m. Mount Leuser is the um I mean mean mean highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 m) m) m) I mean okay within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture the sculpture the sculpture was commissioned by the the the Victorian Arts Centre in well you know 1974; construction construction construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA Track & Field has been inducting members like like like I mean into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate its climate its climate is a mixture mixture mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in you know well well well the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World War II, there were extensive changes to okay you you you know the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken taken taken you know okay at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno you you you know um Junior College, where he was recruited by by by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in 2009 you know know know you know and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' amanda 'Mandee' amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is is is the head coach uh you know of the Florida Gators women's women's women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and and and Vichy so so France were fighting over Syria; one one one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the the the like so 'Peace and Order Committee' in in in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized like like a local vigilante vigilante vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within you know okay okay okay the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is he is he is a central central central defender who began his career at uh I mean League League League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent spent spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of outside of outside of the sport Morris owns owns owns a well you know chain of snack shops in South South South Wales and is um you know a keen singer / songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, in 2005 he won so I mean a Karaoke contest at at at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage you you you know um of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the the the daring of so uh the earliest mariners, and the the the boldness of men in overcoming you know you you you know difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and racial, and racial, and later, sexual politics politics politics were important matters of so um social debate at at at the time, leading the New Left to I I I mean well use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics politics politics divisions as proxies well like for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the the the only uh uh Australian racing driver to win Australia's Australia's Australia's two most prestigious okay so races, the Bathurst 1000 1000 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the the the most frequently used like um constraint - based model model model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 so so so well May 2001) was a church historian, controversial Catholic like like like okay priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his his his political um so articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced he divorced he divorced her for adultery in in in 1700, after a uh uh previous attempt at divorce in in in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started training as a journalist at the the the uh so Centre de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, 22, 22, he obtained I mean like his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is this is this is a list of of of railway stations in the Christchurch uh I mean region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro the Faliro the Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Sports Sports you know like Complex is a complex consisting of of of two indoor arenas and you know well a a a beach volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control aControl aControl pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing issuing issuing I mean um a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who who who have you know you know come out, still still still praising them for their bravery, instead he um okay acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges how coming out may not always be I mean you you you know safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized sized sized ungulates, though well well they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally generally generally eat any meat okay so that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded founded founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated well well well I mean the Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from from from its like so establishment as the capital in the late late late 8th century until like like the rise of the Shogunate Shogunate Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste the taste the taste for embellishment on behalf behalf behalf of the superbly trained you know like singers, and the use use use of spectacle as a replacement like like for dramatic purity and and and love on the Opera so I mean '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings selena sings selena sings the intro speaking to her her her lover about him um well constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls you you you know okay and snakes, and forest clearance may lead lead lead to local like I mean habitat loss, but this is is is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in I mean mean mean I mean Toronto, Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his um um um okay office but with a change in routine routine routine - um um instead of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility the facility the facility hosted the biathlon, biathlon, biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic like well combined, and ski jumping, and and and after the uh I mean Olympics will remain a public public public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were were were largely uh well pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly Priestly Priestly family was split by you know well rivalry, and and and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi you you you know like moved on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, Mancini, Mancini, working I mean well in a Roman milieu where where where late - Rococo of Pompeo so you know Batoni and and and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as um um um well Apparition, and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift facelift facelift so well as it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, emblem, emblem, taking the I mean like place of 'F - O - - - R - D' lettering I mean okay on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones so so so I mean worked with many musicians who were great talents talents talents in their I mean well own right, including including including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter requirement requirement requirement um okay and inventive step under the European Patent Patent Patent Convention (EPC), so um and more generally significant regarding the patentability patentability patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film film film actor and comedian, like well who has been credited credited credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the the the okay I mean United States Navy and Royal Navy on June June June 25, I mean I mean 1944 to support support support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay essay essay by like uh Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, epidemiology, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet you you you know you know still managed to give give give the order to submerge, in all okay so likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, Canada, Canada, however, like okay as the prosecution has powers to to to appeal the I mean well resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in launched in launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Earle, Earle, Tom I mean um Livaccari and Dan Pelson, Pelson, Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, um so interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, China, China, North America, uh uh and Australia; the European grid grid grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by the the the well like engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed claimed claimed Elioak um uh as home while they served in in in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas Lucas Lucas probable prime, you know like so it is either either either prime or it is a well like Lucas pseudoprime; further further further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version well um of the the the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United States presidential election of 1856 was okay okay okay um the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM KLM KLM and you know you know Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who so so so so opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called called called 'The okay so Stanford Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name you know know know like to Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is is is said okay well to mean 'she who struggles', derived from from from the I mean uh Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the so um outer outer outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in in in uh um May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first first first - um so time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, class, class, he I mean you know reads her story story story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, City, City, Negros um okay Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who who who competed you know so in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers providers providers are you know so captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those those those who do I mean you know not is a a a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge designs, designs, designs, okay well in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Bridge, which has been so um designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; uh uh uh like this method of writing has is no longer used in in in uh I mean modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms early forms early forms of UFFI tended tended tended to shrink significantly though updated catalysts okay okay and foaming foaming foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a you you you know um message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo Ulmo Ulmo to the Elves um like of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first the first the first was an F1 F1 F1 which touched down in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed departed departed for well okay Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but but but the central um like government was unable to render much much much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie um um um well McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing arguing arguing with I mean you know Tyrone, she throws plates at at at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those of those of those faces the two southernmost southernmost southernmost are unused: all well um trains use the Up Up Up and Down main lines, the Down you know uh loop being reversible, reversible, reversible, which allows Up services to depart I mean like like like from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies allies allies okay well that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from from from Sydney in I mean okay 1793, but his plant material remained remained remained with him for um so the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that believing that believing that Reba is being unfaithful, unfaithful, unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, uh you know takes his body, body, body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly stewie quickly stewie quickly becomes sick, so so so Peter and Lois take um um him to the hospital, hospital, hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is is is an well so American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans slogans slogans uh so outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and and and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the the the gates uh okay under the Troitksaya tower, except for for for those who wish uh well to visit the Armoury Armoury Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, in 1948, in 1948, he was invited by by by Ralph Fox to well uh come as his guest at at at the Princeton mathematics well you know department because Fox had had had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted farley predicted farley predicted large landslides in both, and and and was responsible uh well for pulling together the New Deal Deal Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPad, iPad, iPhone well okay and iPod touch, released in December December December 2011, tells the story uh like of the making of of of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and and and production so so became sourced to several manufactures to meet the the the defense needs on so like several aircraft after the unacceptability unacceptability unacceptability of both locally and remote okay like periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC Marshall School of Business was established in you you you know you know 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro um um um I mean League since its inauguration in 1982, 1982, 1982, so instead of direct you know um entry to the the the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had well okay to to to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and like like like I mean short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS PS PS Vita) is a handheld so um game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more more more like I mean prone to certain certain certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, um okay okay okay although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter Twitter Twitter well okay and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such such such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and and and 'Give Me you know well Some Starlight' the title was was was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at you know know know I mean Wentworth by one stroke he carded a a a -6 66 I mean um final round to beat Thomas Thomas Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, College, College, University of um uh Sydney; living very simply and and and it has been recorded that his okay okay okay well sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the so like like like Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term has been used throughout history to refer to som okay okay okay um heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law law law and also um well the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom the Freedom the Freedom Trail was was was originally conceived in 1958 by well well local journalist journalist journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned well well well like by the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated associated associated um well with the American Indian Movement, who floated a a a plan well you know in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield well uh (JBL), (JBL), (JBL), who appeared up on the TitanTron and well well well I mean told Batista that if he wanted to come come come to 'SmackDown' uh you know and face him for the the the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting is part of a series of of of four, like like the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was rupert was rupert was reunited with the legendary British British British film director you know okay in 1993, changing his surname surname surname to Russell in you know I mean 1994 1994 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an an an ethnic like well cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 in 1815 in 1815 on the return of Napoleon from from from exile so uh in Elba Victor accompanied the king to to to Ghent, and you know you know on the the the second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly acting swiftly acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu Windu Windu attempts to okay um arrest Palpatine, but he is accused accused accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, it it it like well was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from from from the uh uh 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', Magazine', Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and well well well well is staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' Man' Man' so like (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in in in I mean you know 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two two two from nearby town of Vorden, okay um California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger convinces her that running will okay okay okay um do her no good for wherever she goes, Lord Lord Lord Rahl's soldiers will okay uh find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status socioeconomic status socioeconomic status has been found to to to influence the development like like of vocabulary and language skills, skills, skills, lower - status groups tend you know um to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only member like like like I mean of the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; accommodation; accommodation; a result um I mean of the merger merger merger that created the Royal High in 1998, um like like like when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village has its own public house - The White White White Swan I mean well - as well as a post office, office, office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of of of I mean uh construction, cost C $ 173. 5 5 5 million, and occupies okay um a footprint the size of of of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy um um um um to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on the the the I mean you know planetoid and Captain Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator Lambert you know know know I mean head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song the song the song was remixed with with with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las the Las the Las Vegas Valley is home home home to various well um suburban master planned communities that that that include extensive recreational so you know amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next he next he next worked for Sears, Roebuck Roebuck Roebuck and Company in the like well installation department department department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston was was was uh um the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently subsequently subsequently like like resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of the the the um okay 1980's in music magazine polls and television television television programmes, especially you know you know in Kenya where an an an entire tribe in the village I mean okay of of of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating jedburg contemplating jedburg contemplating shooting the officer officer officer and thus ultimatly becoming like you know you know know know who he who saught to stop he lowers so like like like his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, hammock, hammock, many maintain uh uh that it was a device device device created out of well so tradition and need. , , , 'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, lastly, lastly, to you know well Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of of of Albany (son like you know of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into a a a okay like beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, sellers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany Germany Germany um um ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1, 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) you know um was a a a German sociologist whose work focused on the okay I mean relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary temporary temporary street circuit so you know in downtown Paeroa, New New New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs around Belmont I I I mean you know Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, 2, 2, right turn into well um Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts the conflicts the conflicts portrayed in the movie movie movie are all real I mean uh conflicts in real real real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief Chief Chief uh okay of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and and and has okay you know trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small small small um like pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified electrified electrified fencing that okay well is easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of okay okay okay well Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and and and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a very unusual unusual unusual like well and unique feature, a stream running along along along either side of okay I mean Fore Street, one of of of which eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was was was um I mean 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he he he was wearing okay um a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from from from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with like like like okay her parents, older brother and younger sister sister sister to okay you know Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates dates dates you know I mean back to 1831 and is believed believed believed to have originated like uh because the simple cheese was was was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press gang, a group of 10 10 10 - 12 men, I mean um led by by by an officer, would roam the streets looking for so so so so likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service service service from like um the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' Deal' Deal' reforms of okay you know passenger rail operations, with the the the last regular train they like I mean worked worked worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare is often noted for his critical views of of of uh well British society (2, 3), and although although although 'Amy's View' is I mean I mean mean mean certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI during WWI during WWI he was appointed Director General General General of Military well so Railways and in that capacity had had had charge of like so the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a okay so so so god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was one of the forefront leaders of the um um um uh multimedia revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, Area, Area, where I mean you know the traditional arts of of of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the like uh fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was chicanismo was chicanismo was shaped by a number of of of intellectuals and um okay influential activists as well well well as by the artistic and political you know uh sphere, and and and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated um uh to to to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the I I I mean like Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead in in in celebration so um of the Silver Jubilee of George George George V. Later in 1935 uh I mean she was was was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - en - Vexin is a village village village okay okay in Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its its its name so you know from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total the total the total investment is estimated estimated estimated to be 270 billion RMB (around so I mean mean mean 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called called called I mean so protectionism and autarky far superior compared to to to free trade like I mean and that supports the the the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went on to co-host the show show show until her departure from STV so I mean on on on 15 May 2009, shortly before the programme is okay okay okay um due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the the the most like uh generous afforded by the United United United States to a okay so Native group, group, group, and point out that some of the largest largest largest um well and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the the the okay you know hotel in its Historic Hotels of of of America program and the um like American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device and and and um well purchase directly from the internet and it's it's it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very little of her is known and so so so well published she was known to be present at her um um um you know husband's investment ceremony at Westminster Hall Hall Hall and may have you know um been called 'protectress', though though though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began she began she began her career as a reporter reporter reporter at Steven Brill's so um 'The American Lawyer', then created the the the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests the inquests the inquests at the Department of Forensic Forensic Forensic Medicine showed that at so so least the 14 14 14 men mentioned in the parish registers of I mean mean mean okay Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State Airport is one of six active airports operated operated operated you know um by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, Corporation, Corporation, the other five so um being T. F. Green Green Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, uh like Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to you know uh uh uh escape using a different DST, placed in a okay like like like remote location, much of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE like like like like - Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many many many commercials with I mean you know Raoul Bova; also also also in 2011 Ghenea became the image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not though not though not powerful in in in the way of action, well like Ma - Ti's Ti's Ti's power is considered by some to um um be the most most most important, for it keeps the Planeteers together uh you you you know and helps them to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern the Southern the Southern Tutchone name name name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe like you know Chù', is derived derived derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the well uh uh uh site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in okay okay okay uh the 59th minute of their match against England in in in the group like um stages to give Sweden a 2 -- -- -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the the the population I mean so decreased almost by half, half, half, and Ventspils did not reach its I mean okay former former former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles doubles doubles you know you know (20) and ranked third in extra-base extra-base extra-base hits (22)... Posted uh I mean a 5x5 game with five doubles, doubles, doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original the original the original distance of the the the race was 2, you know uh 200 metres (1 mile mile mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to I mean mean mean uh 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site the site the site is a long section section section of the Narew I mean so River that is is is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Kate Kate Ceberano singing okay well 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the the the World Cup), the Sydney's like you know Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due to the poor economic conditions of of of New Haven like like in the 1970s and and and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered well you know along, foundered and and and was revived numerous times during the 1970s uh uh and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented okay so so so in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or one or one or more consecutive groups groups groups of zero value may like okay be replaced with a a a single empty group using two so I mean consecutive consecutive consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution may only be be be okay well applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is you know know know so situated at the confluence of River Izhora into River River River Neva, like um approximately halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, Schlisselburg, Schlisselburg, well uh some 30 kilometers from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as um like like like commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle so so so uh of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, uh so so so and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at Mackay Stadium Stadium Stadium so I mean in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, 1969, 1969, with the Wolf Pack like okay winning 30 - 28, 28, 28, however the teams did not compete for the cannon well well well um until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders Raiders Raiders well uh was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought that that that as like um dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer Jackie Jackie Jackie um uh Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band band band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at at at okay well the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics Physics Physics at you know so the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / / / honey well um to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and like you you you know Singapore, both of which are former British colonies, since since since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and and and research well so laboratories dedicated to soil, water and and and pollen research, alongside so uh field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga so um Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee uh uh uh um industry amongst the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following following following I mean I mean economic liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is um um um uh a marine fish native to areas near near near Africa, that I mean like is sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late late late 1980s like like by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit credit credit counseling you know okay agencies; today, there are are are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's so um um um long - running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a a a direct sequel like so to the prior two entries, entries, entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), ), ), also known well okay as the Jamaican Jamaican Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by by by Perifel, with uh I mean assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the um um um okay Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel in well well well well the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General uh uh uh okay Source of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, okay okay okay you know Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after after after the death of his uh um first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was crabb was crabb was educated at local primary schools schools schools and from so you know 1984 to 1991 at at at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a special - purpose purpose purpose map like you know made to show geological the strata strata strata are extremely fractured, uh well mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the during the during the 1970s he moved to Mooney Mooney Mooney Aircraft where well you know he worked on newer versions versions versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage the marriage the marriage had become unhappy and and and the couple lived more um uh or less separate separate separate lives, and the couple separated completely after so you you you know a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot so well well well returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, like um during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S like like like okay. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and and and several public collections, um so among them, Indiana State State State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County Community so well College Permanent Collection of of of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary health care facilities for the village are are are at so okay al - Kum designated by the Ministry Ministry Ministry of Health um like as level 1, close by by by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, voice, voice, you know you know he was known as 'The Violin', Violin', Violin', He also played for I mean so the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best - - - well uh known was 'Land Under England', a science - - - fiction account of um you know a totalitarian society ruled by by by telepathic mind control, cited by Karl well well Edward Edward Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while um um um okay the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, from here, from here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to to to study hours like I mean of video footage of criminals, criminals, criminals, studying how criminals interacted, like you know he learned to to to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary so so so okay research interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social social social justice research, well um yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House uh well well well of Representatives in 1976, and prior to his election as as as Speaker well um served in other positions in the Democratic Democratic Democratic Caucus such as okay so chairman of the Rules Committee, Committee, Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is is is an Italian basketball coach well I mean that that that currently serves as head coach of CSKA CSKA CSKA so so Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially initially initially serving so I mean in route 68X (Yuen Long ( ( ( East) - Jordan Wui you know you know know know Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its degree degree degree so okay of tameness in comparison) and was competing competing competing for the same um I mean territory, it has run run run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the in the in the second week of of of October 2012 about 42, like I mean 500 journeys journeys journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he was the lead singer of the pop you know know know um band 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, well well well I mean and Salvador pressed for its members members members to instruct the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains mindGenius contains mindGenius contains a series of of of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the the the I mean I mean Cocteau Twins who runs the the the Bella Union label, heard okay I mean Dosen's music music music and as a result they worked together okay okay okay okay on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, well well well I mean 11 of those will be home games, they well well well well will also be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre Andre Andre okay uh Gaudry, one of the eight guiders guiders guiders that took Sioux you know so Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical I I I mean well physicist and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at at at the Perimeter so um Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only michel only michel only made his league debut debut debut almost a year later, I mean like in a 0 0 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos I mean uh uh uh on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret uh um um um Thatcher quoted the song when talking to an so so so um audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump can not draw more water from from from the um um pipe to which the washer is connected connected connected than that source you know so can provide: provide: provide: the water supply must be so um adequate for the the the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married torey married torey married a Chinese Chinese Chinese woman and lives there for um like twelve years, the the the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in okay okay Kimanis but but but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was it was it was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since since since 1265, but it so so was during Ghazan Khan who who who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by scholars like like like uh such as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher Blocher Blocher and stands uh well in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from um um um okay the basilar artery at the level of the junction junction junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals to okay okay okay okay produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Julianne Julianne Boyd uh um and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service was increased in 5 cars in in in 1918, and in um you know 1926 the Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member member member like you know of the Indian classical music family', family', family', with its I mean so roots as a folk instrument instrument instrument having a legendary background to well um the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late well okay okay okay rapper Eazy - E, from his album of the the the same okay okay name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that that that was released in 1989 you know well and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' towers' towers' so well ) is a name that the Greeks Greeks Greeks of the Euxine um uh Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in in in the 1960's um uh as a means to pool resources and and and share facilities, instructors, you know um and equipment, equipment, equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers jazz Summers jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- -- -- 14 August 2015) okay like was a manager of pop pop pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo I I I mean so Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico puerto Rico puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award Award Award in Literature every year to uh so outstanding young writers, writers, writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series well well well well of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love 'Love 'Love Story well like 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the the the West Indies cricket well um season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for for for 'personal reasons'; he okay okay had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial trial trial well you know to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, storm, storm, I mean um the name was not retired and was was was re-used during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part in the like like like like landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the the the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls separate polls separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported reported reported further below um uh while polling of individual constituencies constituencies constituencies and groups of them (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva Oliva Oliva okay uh was leading the league with a. 328 328 328 average, but a um I mean 3 - for - - - 32 slump in the well so middle of September September September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman Gorman Gorman High School in like I mean Las Vegas, Nevada, where where where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses businesses businesses I mean uh and 9, 250 houses, left of standing water uh uh uh I mean in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, seasons, seasons, the first, so well a 15 - episode 11th 11th 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the on the on the next day German German German troops crossed uh you know the border of Austria, at at at the telegraphed invitation of well um Seyss - Inquart, the the the latter communique having been arranged after uh well the the the troops had begun to march, so as to to to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain Captain Captain uh okay America in', and starred in the film 'What's 'What's 'What's Your Number? ', a ', a ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling calling calling uh um themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is a popular misconception that these lakes are filled filled filled well you know via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight the fight the fight continued the following day, August August August 23, with four 'blue I mean well jackets' and 14 warriors wounded wounded wounded (one of okay I mean them killed), until Nokoni Nokoni Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the you know you know prairie and killing killing killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the the the parliamentary so um system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 okay okay okay um ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas well well well well to Aristotle Onassis, and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating investigating investigating like like Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise his expertise his expertise is vital in in in the battle for Liangshan's cause uh well of 'delivering justice justice justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, 1975, 1975, and I mean um Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took hordak took hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor Skeletor Skeletor was to take um I mean the boy, but they they they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of because of because of his influence and and and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his visit like you know know know to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited well uh Tagadur and and and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in London London London like like and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 in 1996 in 1996 (and 2009) he received the the the Humboldt so so Award by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a a a Lady Davis Fellowship um okay at the Hebrew University in in in 2006 and also 2012, as so uh well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late December normally normally normally like um occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig karl Ludwig karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr Freiherr Freiherr von uh so Prel, or, in French, Carl Ludwig Ludwig Ludwig August Friedrich I mean like Maximilian Alfred, Baron du du du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, uh well 1899), was was was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole Creole Creole so um parents and one of his ancestors was Michel you know know know uh Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - - - 1' you know okay was a more guitar based pop album album album that also like well became a smash hit sending the the the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a a a stroke well um in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable unable unable to like uh speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public public public like um company listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded spearheaded spearheaded the uh like companies involvement in N. Africa and North North North East Asia, before well um retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters in the novel do not hold as as as uh well much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' choses' choses' ) meticulously so well described throughout, which are are are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of of of Wigan, like so Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss Moss Moss near the foothills um well of the West Pennine Pennine Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of the you know I I I mean Admiralty in the first two governments of Lord Salisbury Salisbury Salisbury (1885 okay okay - 1886; 1886 - 1892), 1892), 1892), and as Secretary of State I mean like for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike uh uh uh um in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting several splitting several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 2003 2003 and 2007, and uh uh as of 2007, the list list list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war war war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 000 000 € uh like plus 200, 000 € future incentives, incentives, incentives, signing a 3 - uh okay year contract on on on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair pair pair I mean well of 'jorts' after the team team team returned from Newark, New like you know Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than than than um so the lion, their struggle became more like like like that okay so of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th 19th 19th you know well century, among his good horses was, was, was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional the traditional the traditional territories of the the the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely you know I I I mean within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) (Squamish) (Squamish) traditional um well territory is also in the region -- its its its you know I mean claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences like like like um that found form in their architect a congregational space uh uh uh you know that was used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage stage stage the play I mean well 'Albert Hall' Hall' Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed him him him I mean uh against the other main party on on on the Privy Council, I mean well headed by the 7th Earl Earl Earl of Rothes: in September he wrote like like to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling while filling while filling with water, cracks begin begin begin to appear in the so okay dam on its its its upstream heel when the reservoir level like so was below below below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November November November 2, 1996) I mean I mean was born as the the the second son of Reynold Lambert Eustace um I mean mean mean and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National the National the National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) (1996) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled 'sampled 'sampled chorus well you know effects' on its vocals vocals vocals created and a 'moody' production well uh that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four okay well of his his his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) like you you you know was a British television channel owned and operated operated operated by uh so Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations operations operations well uh with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned well um um um their attention to the electrified commuter lines they they they began um uh operating on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - - - based well uh Eagle Hills and he also also also acts as a top so uh adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round round round 5 uh like and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty purchasing loyalty purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels levels levels of the I mean you know Pyramid - consumers consumers consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities many universities many universities have undergraduate and and and graduate degree programs in actuarial okay you know science, science, science, and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework I I I mean um schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, image, image, that Germany you know so and Germanness are equal to to to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount well um Pinatubo, Pinatubo, Pinatubo, another stratovolcano (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures I I I mean okay for about 2 - 3 years, years, years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also he also he also owned two haciendas near near near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' um uh and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined Trosterud, Trosterud, Trosterud, uh so she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played played played up okay okay to December 1999, and then in in in January 2000 I mean so signed a contract with Asker SK, SK, SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet booklet booklet of music like like performed by the Hespèrion Hespèrion Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it I I I mean okay an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since since since the um uh late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and you you you know okay eaten with the courses, depending upon upon upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of of of San Francisco's you know um Muni Metro and the Caltrain Caltrain Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned owned owned by um you know Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it so it so it was up up up to private individuals to provide okay you know priests, temples, temples, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for well okay okay okay this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels of endemism and that of of of species richness I mean like are frequently positive correlated; however, however, however, in some oceanic islands, uh like there is high levels levels levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, champions, champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of the so so Muses Muses Muses on the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in I I I mean um the 6th century B. C C C. Its greatest period began from you know I I I mean the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the the the so I mean 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off off off the Elephant like you know The Cinema Museum Museum Museum a volunteer - run museum with screenings screenings screenings uh uh for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable variable variable star like um in the southern circumpolar constellation of of of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women well you you you know and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Andrew Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, you know like Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus caucus caucus on so so May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized as as as like so one of the 'oldest' rating still existing existing existing in today's so well modern U. S. Navy, which which which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every every every harvest okay um for 40 years or more', but Red Red Red Fife is well so a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was okay okay okay like married to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Henriette Henriette Marie of Palatinate, like okay and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a first - year law student in like like like like 1891, Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home home home you know like for sale and then gone out out out of town, and the daughter um well thinks Lacey and and and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he discovered the the the like um Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is is is an you know well important tributary of the the the Tapajós river along with the so well discovered the the the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a palace palace palace in Downton on you know like one of of of the islands by the Moot when the like I I I mean palace was taken down and the stone is thought thought thought to so so have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops um um um uh for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in winter travel travel travel I mean okay to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced produced produced by Jason well so Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs fought as waves of of of horse archers, firing arrows you know well continuously, and and and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park contains extensive woodlands and a series I mean mean mean like of turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne is an an an Australian professional football player you know like who plays plays plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen I I I mean well to prevent the reduction in the size size size of I mean uh the school's playing fields, fields, fields, although a new food technology block has been you know know know so built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, dog, dog, or um like jackal, but a distinct canid, although based only only only on morphological well like similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes scenes scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, in 1930, in 1930, while the Western Slovenia Slovenia Slovenia was under uh you know Italian control, strategic hills over over over Pivka were heavily fortified so um and included in the the the Alpine Wall system of um you know defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises near Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani I mean like on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, Hymettus, Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units the units the units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built built built into the okay okay ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and and and are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an an an American writer well well and United States Marine officer who who who won the National um okay Book Award for fiction in in in 2014 for his first book well okay - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin in like like like well one of his very first acting roles during its its its okay well first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' Hair)' Hair)' is the so like seventh episode of 'The 'The 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try try try you know okay to call him to warn him him him but are confronted well so by the assassin who spares their their their lives since um well they are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and and and I mean you know most of its then 95 employees employees employees from Brooklyn to Miami you know uh Lakes in Southern Florida, Florida, Florida, where he had refurbished I mean um a 100, 100, 100, 000 - square - foot you know you know warehouse warehouse warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for you know okay frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military reforms of of of so uh Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more more more effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the the the reason you know um for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and and and her heir like you know apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince Prince Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf you know know know you know tournament on the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal the goal the goal of this project project project is to promote connection and celebration okay okay okay um as the residents join together in a community that is is is I mean well a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, Charon, Charon, here like you know played as a gum - chewing chewing chewing valley girl, so you know who refuses Orpheus entry and and and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Smith Smith Colleges, and like well previously served as the weekday weekday weekday co-anchor for WOFL - TV um like Orlando, Orlando, Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed the film 'A 'A 'A Single Woman', which premiered in so okay the United States States States Congress and has since been invited uh I mean to screen screen screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an so I mean mean mean official, purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, him, him, I mean um and the family arranged a a a marriage for him with like like Yao Hui, and and and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract uh I mean mean mean ($ 100, 000 per year for ten years), and and and um well in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator uh uh uh um - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State State State Senate uh well and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category compiles all pages based solely as a list list list of okay like members by band; his list does not not not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the okay okay okay well main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already already already like you know won both the Masters and U. S. Open, Open, Open, so okay to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch Dutch Dutch music so so producer and DJ Afrojack featuring featuring featuring the piano playing you know like and vocals of American American American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 from 1985 from 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec Myśliwiec Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian excavations uh so at Tell Atrib (the Nile Nile Nile Delta), and since 1987 I mean um he has has has been directing a Polish - Egyptian well um archeological archeological archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Jane P. Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, County, County, North Carolina, well um United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, and and and then well so transferred with her cousin Bessie to the the the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 well well well so season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently allocating frequently allocating frequently used variables to registers registers registers can be critical so so to a program's program's program's performance; this register allocation is performed either like uh uh uh by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by by by the like well BBC from years past as saying that that that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake earthquake earthquake completely uh so destroyed the first tower, and only only only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have have have around their you know okay 'mouths' a spiral of of of polykinetids, groups of cilia that um well work in groups groups groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and and and um you know former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 15 15 like so June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on middleton on middleton on the Hill Hill Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although testimony testimony testimony at well you know trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered a a a um well idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she will will will try so like to seduce will be Richard and while Trish Trish Trish is you know so away invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is there is there is no Railway station station station to Walavne, but the nearest okay you know railway station station station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep like uh uh uh cool and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in in in well well their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the you know know know I mean Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and played played played 8 games well well in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Africa; died you know so 21 November 1796 1796 1796 in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the headline okay so so so 'Sooner or later Love is defeated by Scandal', Scandal', Scandal', enumerates um like the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all all all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its its its so um heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam steam steam engines so you know and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next his next his next move was to Bahrain where where where he was like okay appointed as the manager of Al Al Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet the Garnet the Garnet Orb is is is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video the video the video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was there was there was a further restoration restoration restoration carried out in I mean I mean 1922 after the the the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 I mean okay okay okay and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front front front uh I mean gates of the school and forced it to I I I mean uh close, while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which which which polymerizes and I mean like forms into an ordered ordered ordered filament structure which has two protofilaments like um um um wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees so so so uh Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, a a a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia la Familia la Familia is a a a rap group from Romania, formed in uh well well well 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and well um Sişu Sişu Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian you you you know okay non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Catholic Catholic Church, with 4796 like okay cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety Safety Safety 'S', a you know uh Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 route 311 route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will will will share their um um vision for the future as as as keynotes, as every so like sector of the the the evolving new music business like well convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only only only okay uh craft upon which James Murray could could could lay hands, like um the ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to to to uh I mean become a presenter as well as a singer; singer; singer; in 2016, well uh she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the the the Habib University Foundation like you know (a not - for for for - profit organization) with its um I mean decision to to to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a a a British professional boxer um like who has held the IBF IBF IBF welterweight title since 2014, like I mean and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, Weidmann, Weidmann, um I mean previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the by the by the late 1980s he he he had become one of New so well Zealand's most recognised recognised recognised actors on his own soil. He well I mean mean mean was a much loved feature of many local well uh uh uh films made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has has has allegedly so like been denied an interview by Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, however interviews like you know have been granted to the ABC ABC ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short the short the short - lived monarchy monarchy monarchy (1914 -- 1925) um uh was succeeded by by by an even shorter - lived I mean uh first Albanian Albanian Albanian Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed I mean mean mean like the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, Act, Act, providing like okay legislative authority for the President to to to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los okay uh uh uh Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, well um Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated he graduated he graduated from the Department Department Department of Architecture of the uh um Tallinn Art Art Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) ) ) well so in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is is is praising the you know well wind: ' Oh! the wild wild wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève anne Geneviève anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- -- -- 20 March like well 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, I mean mean mean okay in La Jolla, California, in the parking lot lot lot of a uh okay golf course, where he claimed claimed claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of of of the earliest implementations um well of this process process process where orders were taken okay I mean by phone and and and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the 6th 6th 6th I mean so and 7th centuries, during the trying period period period when the uh well Visigoths had been defeated by the the the Frankish King Clovis I mean like I, and was considered considered considered to be the center uh well of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T. L L L well well. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of of of the Soviet population from like uh 1922 - 1991 which was was was published by the Russian like uh Academy of Science Science Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government the Government the Government moved that that that he be suspended, but Mr um so so so. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent independent independent you know so MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals Nationals Nationals MP Tony you know um Crook, and the resulting vote vote vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains it contains it contains approximately 150 young, very very very hot stars well uh that are many times larger and and and more massive than the so like Sun. Such Such Such stars live for only a few million okay well years years years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the the the Karolinska um you know Institute, a Stockholm medical university, university, university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance left the play during its out - I I I mean okay of - town tryouts, later saying she she she felt the um like role was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of the you know know know you know contract will fund the financial loss incurred by by by any I mean so rise in the physical physical physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the the the stations you know like to Univision, which converted them them them into Spanish language outlets; some affiliated well I mean mean mean with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial you you you know okay street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), 1851), 1851), nicknamed so like 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is regents is regents is home to to to a 4 - time state like uh champion football team, which which which won three state titles in 2001, 2002, so I mean mean mean 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East East East in you know well Dix Hills, serving as a a a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with with with so uh Dr. Berger and learns to try to to to confront rather I mean uh than control them, he starts dating dating dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were popular for a brief period; however, the the the so I mean market for such adaptations all but but but disappeared with the advent well uh of video, and publication publication publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', like like as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not not not join Team um well Prime, preferring instead to travel around around around on his um I mean own, but he he he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team I mean well Prime Prime Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New well well well okay York, and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting high school he met an Armenian music music music band, okay you know using their instruments he learned music music music by experience and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during during during the sudden um like attack and the crusade force advanced toward the the the town of you know um Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois d'Artois d'Artois was killed and the crusade force um I mean was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a player chooses to take down the well well well you know don't pass line bet, he or or or she can no so like longer lay odds behind behind behind the don't pass line, but can well you know know know still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the unlike the unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it it it has a separate compilation I mean I mean phase, rather than than than being directly interpreted, which allows a much like okay okay okay wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the okay okay okay okay south bank of the river a short walk you know know know so from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated well well well um just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire Yorkshire Yorkshire and you know like the Humber region of England, and most most most is in um like the East Midlands region; the the the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard you know know know I mean tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the the the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his his his distinctive like like bald head, full beard, and considerable considerable considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between you you you know okay sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears appears appears in well well 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY FANTASY FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy Orchestra okay well Concert in Los Angeles Angeles Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint you you you know you know Committee on Public Schools, and the Community Community Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, well well well well was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for for for domain name well um allocations from 1972 until until until September 18, 1998 when this well okay role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year year year okay like - old girl who lives on Witch Tree Tree Tree Lane uh okay and, along with the other people who who who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all okay well well well of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council um okay okay okay were U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices okay okay okay like in the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River the River the River Plate presented presented presented new opportunities for these captains you know know know um of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open open open I mean well to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian Christian Christian King of Axum you know okay (Abyssinia) al - - - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge well uh and protection and refused refused refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor Emperor Emperor I mean I mean would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, um um um I mean London) is best known as being being being the former guitarist for Ash, so you know know know but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), like okay okay okay who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated celebrated celebrated I mean um French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as okay okay okay um South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along with pictures of the Queen of of of Afghanistan in so uh western attire without a a a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative like so Shinwari tribe tribe tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's after Diablo's after Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers recovers recovers the Black Soulstone, uh well and knowing it is too too too dangerous to leave in well well the the the hands of mortals or angels, takes the Black well okay okay okay Soulstone back to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the the the okay I mean Atlantic Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; 'Centennial'; 'Centennial'; his voyage, which okay well arose from a dare with with with his friends over um okay a game of cards, was was was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian University University University from um like 1967 to 1970, compiling a record record record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer well well well um base, the two partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing you know uh line -- when the first production batch batch batch rolled out, I mean I mean Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and and and working out so like of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, so so so so the first is situated in the fact fact fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography Cinematography Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the album album album to be written so uh entirely by Bowie, Bowie, Bowie, it was released as a single ahead of like like like okay the album and charted in the Top Ten in in in like okay the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam realizes that the the the survivors are dying in you know like the order order order they were meant to die on the bridge; they they they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main façade is dominated by the bell tower tower tower and uh like the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most most most respected men's so well professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one well okay okay okay more chance, but at the end of a near - - - I mean I mean perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, like like like like New York) is an American professional ice hockey hockey hockey Defenceman like you know who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, since 1995, since 1995, Trøim has been a a a director of SeaTankers okay so Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder of of of you know so OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of um um um um Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest well so so so movie and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is okay well well well a retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand after strand after strand invasion, a DNA DNA DNA polymerase extends the invading I mean okay 3' strand, changing changing changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was a member of the Union League League League and well okay helped to unionize black workers in Galveston Galveston Galveston substantially okay uh improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the end; end; end; well you know unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different positions, positions, positions, uh um with X and Y closer together than Y and like like like well Z, the temporal interval between the X X X and Y well you know flashes is perceived to be shorter shorter shorter than that between the Y you know so and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was he was he was born in the late 15th 15th 15th century uh uh to one of the prostitutes prostitutes prostitutes working in a brothel: like so he has claimed he didn didn didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - like like like well flight test in 1976 when, taking off under its own own own okay okay power from an old dirt strip near near near Moscow, like like it was flown by pilot pilot pilot A. G. Festovets I mean you know to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a I I I mean you know hunting accident, to which the former former former judge responded by largely um like withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga lotte Hellinga lotte Hellinga FBA (born (born (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities so you you you know and Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Market Market Transactions, and so okay on the Board of Directors Directors Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on on on 30 September like you know 2016: he contributesd contributesd contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version of uh like 'Does 'Does 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University baylor University baylor University Medical Center is is is a 933 - bed so okay general medical medical medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also so like like like used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and he he he well okay was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took took took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could could could so you know get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building the building the building was designed by Architect Architect Architect Geoffrey Bawa um well and built with Sri Lankan funds funds funds. On 29 April 1982, okay I mean the the the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has he has he has written on political political political science, exploring how game theory okay um would would would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 17 17 June 1993 okay I mean ) is a Russian Russian Russian professional ice hockey right uh so winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and content of like like like well the videos, including suggestions that it may have have have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer uh uh uh you know and autumn of 1942 on a link link link between Sicily okay like and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north and south towers were completed in in in 2006 and you know so 2008, respectively, and stand stand stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the using the using the Mukden Incident as a a a pretext, the uh so begins, caused in part by the the the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively uh uh uh you know small, but it is nevertheless a key factor factor factor in you know like its economy - there are more than than than 120 I mean uh publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained stanton captained stanton captained Hibs to their their their 1972 League Cup win and also led well um them them them in their centenary year, but left the club in in in like you know 1976 when he was transferred to to to Celtic in a like you know swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre so so so I mean with a science fiction theme centering on a union union union between you know like a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received from from from well uh the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - you you you know so man World Cup at 2014 - 15 season when when when he you know I mean had 15 (from 16) 16) 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in in in (Jamaica, Queens), you know okay New York ) is an an an American rapper, who first uh uh began rapping at at at the age of 12, and signed his record uh you you you know deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content focuses on the titular event in the the the okay okay 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, place, place, in like I mean which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and like um stored stored stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm I I I mean you know machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - - - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting their their their you know I mean numbers and streamlining the submission process, process, process, while voicing concerns uh well about its business practices practices practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for you know um um um the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season in Season in Season 3, she continues continues continues illegal 'A' activities and uh well by the end of of of the season is kicked um well off the 'A' team team team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers uh uh uh okay with his infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals ordinals ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was it was it was also the basis basis basis for the Cadillac Seville's K um okay platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in you know know know um New York City opened in 1992 created by Allan Allan Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared I mean mean mean um in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the the the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts uh uh uh like Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar like okay tract, a way in which stretch receptor and and and um um other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han you know know know I mean is dragged to an isolation cell cell cell for punishment where he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry I I I mean um under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to to to Bell's Mills okay uh further down the Deep River, River, River, then set off so so with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - I I I mean like June 22, 1992) was a British track track track racing cyclist I mean like whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has allen has allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist I I I mean like to the Queensland School Health Services, was in in in charge of well well the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for for for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of of of okay so Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had you you you know like been handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid okay okay okay well emir of Damascus, but he too was tired so so so well or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative historical comparative historical comparative sociology differs differs differs from historical sociology by um I mean focusing on on on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral the orchestral the orchestral version was was was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux well okay under under under the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 1888, uh uh uh well while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William with William with William Seward at State, Salmon Salmon Salmon P. Chase so um at the Treasury, and and and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the uh like like like War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of so well well well determined men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish Turkish Turkish under um like contest for the Eurovision song contest contest contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, so I I I mean since 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert you you you know um on child abuse on national programs programs programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, uh you know the route is a freeway that includes a a a tunnel that so you know was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Westminster's Westminster's so uh Chief Lord of the Woods and Forests, Forests, Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, I mean okay a large and ponderous ponderous ponderous man known affectionately in the House I mean you you you know as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, soon after, soon after, he was brought to Greece Greece Greece to play for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent the rent the rent was HK $ 14 14 14 a month, while like um the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross monica, Ross monica, Ross and Emily go in to to to reconnoiter the I mean okay hall in which the the the wedding will take place -- so I mean it's where where where Emily's parents got married, and the wedding uh well will will will be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video digital Video digital Video Interactive (DVI) was was was the first multimedia desktop video so I mean standard for for for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed around well you know know know 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, okay I I I mean 1859; buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in built in built in the Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance style, the original complex was I mean like damaged damaged damaged during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and so so so um after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer norwegian singer norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered covered covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 like you know know know as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an an an international star so um everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in like I I I mean February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly allegedly allegedly not I mean well paying him, the company was foreclosed foreclosed foreclosed by Security Pacific well okay Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started started started well like in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second second second well you know single and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have many have many have cited the downpoint of of of the okay like album being the poor production, production, production, guitar player Christian Olde you know I mean Wolbers has has has stated that it was hard to have a okay um um um producer do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and uh uh uh you know died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was was was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's I mean you you you know Choice award for his debut record 'Airport People', he also also also successfully I mean um won the National Youth Week Industry Industry Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 17 17 September 2014 and well uh released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido Seido Seido or you know so Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving preserving preserving law and order like well at any cost, cost, cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and and and um I mean Asian markets are made by Axl in in in China, these guitars well I mean usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for you know know know um her great efforts in trying to to to promote the country well um she loves so much she she she was widowed 12 years you know I mean ago but has has has managed to raise 3 charming children the uh so eldest eldest eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him him him down you know okay to a lake and they they they help Zachary get baptized so I mean in a lake with with with a worker in the Bowl - A-Rama A-Rama A-Rama um like who was going to become a priest; later later later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the Upanishads it admits of several okay uh uh uh meanings at the same time. He among he among he he he among with other well um yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Pathanjali, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest the nearest the nearest train train train stations to Forfar are Dundee and you know like like like Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns rei returns rei returns as a primary primary primary character in 'Rebuild um uh of Evangelion' and and and reappears in' where she remains generally I mean so the the the same as in the anime as she acts I mean mean mean I mean as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for like like like you know pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a well well well so thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, thanks well well well so to specialist section you are able to create create create your okay I mean own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an an an uh so advertising executive and the head of the New New New York and I mean I mean New England England England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat mary Pat mary Pat Christie pursued a career in in in investment banking, eventually working okay uh at the Wall Wall Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF the CCF the CCF was founded in in in West Berlin on 26 so um June 1950 to find find find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and structural limits were also present; as as as air well uh is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV KV KV - 1 you know okay was invulnerable to almost any any any German weapon except um well the famous famous famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University University University okay uh of York, after which he spent four months months months working for I mean uh the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent patent patent so I mean for a food namely a cucumber that that that was like you know structural modified vs GM. Patent US US US D527165 is landmark patent I mean okay because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping dropping dropping out of okay um the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined knepper joined knepper joined the cast cast cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth and well like like like final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he he he like you know played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made her television debut on the Fox show show show New I mean I mean Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and and and went on to appear in well I mean About About About a Boy, The Young and the Restless and and and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 Jeep was used in the the the Korean War, which uh well was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry marry marry her daughters you know you know to wealthy men; men; men; whether or not any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, movement, movement, well uh was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the low - - - reflection I mean you know front surface; only a a a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed you you you know okay football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South South South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was svensson was svensson was born in Värnamo Värnamo Värnamo but grew up in okay well Tranemo, Sweden at the the the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is burt is burt is haunted by the the the day when he um so discovered his wife and and and father making love; he well um begins displaying signs of of of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed uh like presence presence presence in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as as as Chairman of the President's like I mean Council of Economic Economic Economic Advisers from 1993 to uh uh 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density function function function um so (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious infectious infectious okay well disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder cylinder cylinder head and you know like led to a rather 'flat' 'flat' 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage coverage coverage um I mean for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora (born 20 October October October 1990) is a Cook Island so you know professional rugby league league league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی I mean I mean براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن انفارمیشن انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was like I mean formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was so so so okay a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, and and and so okay also appeared as a backing singer in the the the video like like for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which uh uh uh I mean is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as as as um I mean The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State State State University, and so okay later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the the the metropolitan county okay like of West Yorkshire and has has has a population of approximately 1 you know I mean mean mean. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to to to I mean um be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which which which featured a um you know sample of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though she has an above average IQ, she is is is not okay well a very good student, except for Art, Art, Art, in which she um I mean always has an A A A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined the Muslim League League League in 1936, and as their um um candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, he he he was nominated as the one of front rowers in in in uh okay the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of Legends' Legends' Legends' so uh but lost out to Terry Geary (8 (8 (8 seasons - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not uh uh uh uh statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify I I I mean like 11 of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for for for mnnit mnnit uh okay requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had had had you know uh been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his his his landholdings, um so Taylor was promoted to colonel of the 1st 1st 1st Infantry Regiment in like like April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of I I I mean okay Camden, best known as the site of 'The 'The 'The Roundhouse', okay I mean a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' ) okay okay okay well of western - central Michoacan State, the the the River takes a well you know course mainly towards the the the south, and finally drains into so okay the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval naval naval forces; played you know um a key role in in in a political crisis that threatened to well like tear tear tear the Liberal government and the country apart and okay so so so incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day boston Day boston Day and Evening Academy, located located located in Roxbury, re-engages off like so - track track track students in their education preparing them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned she earned she earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts Arts Arts degree uh I mean from Howard University in 1997, then attended attended attended the Juilliard School's Drama so you know Division as as as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 uh you know know know -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete concrete concrete uh uh to keep costs down, but a steel design was was was chosen like uh after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku Tohoku Tohoku like like Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, Aomori, Aomori, the um uh remaining northern portion of of of the line is expected okay um to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was drawn to the project to give uh I mean mean mean her young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) uh I I I mean and get a sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on um um um like Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for for for uh I mean the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and and and just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital uh so was was was shifted to other building and the same building was you know know know I mean converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas Milgerinas Milgerinas and Tučė, you know you know grew unhappy with with with expanding power of Mindaugas and his clan you you you know you know and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to to to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under their their their I mean well plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory McCrory McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at at at I mean uh the age of forty - two; his his his funeral well well was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen so well Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged submerged submerged to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 um like that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else from the TV show has left the the the group, uh you know and been replaced by bass bass bass singer Reggie Battise, bass uh I mean player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist guitarist guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in you you you know uh Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to operate operate operate the existing Hayle okay like Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a um uh uh uh reporter for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling still still still um I mean struggling with the same structural problems, problems, problems, in addition, well okay they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the University I I I mean so of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English English English rock like um band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her her her 'the like so hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical 'Historical 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, is is is like the I mean you know winds of a graveyard; graveyard; graveyard; the second, played by oboes, is um so slower and and and more melancholic; the third theme is played you you you know uh by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity Centre - The The The Alpine Activity Centre is located like I mean mean mean at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney like okay okay okay and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four the four the four performances from 2002 2002 2002 to 2005, however, saw like you know greatly expanded crew sizes, sizes, sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a a a negative well um feedback to suppress the further further further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied he studied he studied in the the the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped you know okay out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was he was he was the son of Ed White, White, White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening um okay newspaper newspaper newspaper founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark Clark Clark published uh well no more fiction during the remaining two decades decades decades of his okay so life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April well you you you know 10, 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named named named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - like um um um to - business service provider for mobile payment, mobile so so so like content and other value - added services which which which it offers um so to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas like so Co Co Co. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number number number um so of times that the wire was was was pulled through um like a draw plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they did not have what is classified as I I I mean um Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that that that there was enough kid like okay power that one could could could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in I I I mean okay Port Angeles, Washington United States) is is is President of the so I mean and originator of the 'service 'service 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they they they could pass to you know okay obtain the the the Green Card which will determine if they can uh well well well continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer cricketer cricketer um okay who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which are are are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the the the Draytons' like I mean dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country the country the country was divided divided divided into different economical and political well well systems, with several several several kinds of currency in circulation, and the uh well well well ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few months after Womer was born his mother I I I mean so (Roxie) took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for for for you know so her to care for four children children children and his parents decided to um uh send him him him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with like so so so other specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 at at at like like Melbourne in the next Test, after Barnes uh uh uh I mean had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, Hill Hill Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist zoologist zoologist so like George Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, as as as well um employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, Kid, Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed okay okay okay like as the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat sat sat as a um like member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince so so so like of Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses houses houses were houses or like like inns where horses were kept kept kept and could be rented and like you know postriders postriders postriders could be hired to take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where so okay okay okay she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia lead plates are a set of of of lead like okay plates written in an unknown language or or or constructed language and I mean well are alleged to be a a a chronicle of the Dacians, okay you know but they are are are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from from from so you know a variety of sources, including the the the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the as the as the storm tracked eastward into into into Indiana, it became uh you know a derecho and and and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking uh well as high as as as 91 mph (147 km / you know well well well h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development development development of underarm and you know um pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A 'A 'A. T. O so well. M.' around 2004 -- 05, 05, 05, where he noted that the like um character was pretty pretty pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish professional professional professional ice so uh hockey player who is currently playing playing playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French French French uh I mean army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) was well um constituted in June 2001, its its its objectives being to promote and okay like develop develop develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to to to I mean I mean attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various various various I mean I mean stories tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial deming's industrial deming's industrial park became home home home to the ten - acre um um Forward Operating Operating Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning I I I mean so a mast step, which by its arrangement of boards boards boards like uh allows the mast to be raised and and and lowered, and I mean I mean a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to to to you know um 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U U U. S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the age of twenty he had taken over well well well well the malt - making side of the family business uh uh uh I mean and in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent images images images so well among the finalists, indeed, all of the the the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have been been been like well 'Cuib', with the title of of of 'king' of Cobo making it's first I mean so so so appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when engaged engaged engaged in I mean well heavy fighting, a single German infantry division division division required like like up to 1, 100 tons of supplies supplies supplies a day, uh um though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are there are there are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular popular popular you know okay pastime among peak baggers; another popular popular popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen & you know so Løken, a Norwegian commercial commercial commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at the well well first floor floor floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than than than its like um western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada Nevada Nevada is the result like well of a fault - - - block that is analogous to I mean I mean a a a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site the site the site was originally occupied by the the the Majestic Cabaret, like okay which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their their their I mean okay smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother mother mother rats using uh so their superior intelligence to guide guide guide their servants in their attacks, uh well whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his um um um like stage name D. O. , is a South South South Korean singer uh so and actor best known as a a a member and one okay uh of the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is half the size of all previous basic you know know know uh receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and and and S you know uh - Video outputs, as well as as as an optical output for 5. 1 surround 1surround 1surround sound purposes.
The merger the merger the merger of Kmart and Sears closed closed closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 1970 1970 in like I mean Haverfordwest ) is a a a Welsh musician, performing solo and um um with several several several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank richard Frank richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste Celeste Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an I mean uh uh uh American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he he he um um is a member of the Democratic Party and and and served well I mean as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional professional professional soldier, Deng um uh was a political activist and and and knew little about military, um you know their personalities and personal personal personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having several several several single you know um - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy prodigy prodigy like like whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to to to well uh the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S like like like so. Citizens graduating with degrees in science, technology, engineering, engineering, engineering, and I mean you know mathematics, and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two two two - uh I mean stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline gasoline gasoline engine design, with a poly um you know V V V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2. 2: 1, 1, 1, well like 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes the planes the planes had originally been been been flown as part of I mean so Japan's 12th, 13th, 13th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai okay you know Kokutai Kokutai Kokutai on the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Formosan Formosan Navy I mean well units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is not um okay okay okay the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did did did not have any okay like creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells he tells he tells her loves her and and and their uh so love was always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known whilst known whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot mascot mascot of the drink was a okay um variation of Ed Ed Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its sole video um okay okay okay advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval fantasy fantasy fantasy um um television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 1629 1629 an well well action of the Eighty Years 'War 'War 'War in which a Dutch uh well Republican army captured the the the city of's - Hertogenbosch which had like okay been loyal loyal loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, debut, debut, okay okay they released a third CD, 'State of Control' Control' Control' and like like a full production Live CD on on on Medusa Records okay I mean called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white blaze you know know know so bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as as as Mayor um okay of Auckland and was re-elected to this this this office like I mean in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since since since uh like 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Australia well uh and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest 'biggest 'biggest success to date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the by the by the end of of of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial like um Corporation increased increased increased its assets by almost 10 times, and like like like well took the 5th place in the DCM, also also also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- -- -- um uh every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of of of data -- I mean so making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on the the the you know you know Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road Road Road where it you know so deviates from the old old old Turnpike Road (still named as such), okay like and and and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) so like and and and a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his you know know know so mother's maiden name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay um okay okay okay MacDonald, Hahn was released and in July 1933 he he he you know I mean was able to emigrate to to to Britain, where he settled I mean um in Scotland Scotland Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, like like like well operating between art and craft, he he he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school was founded in 2000, 36 years well like like like after the mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have left their courses courses courses okay um due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new new new tendency is emerging as you know you know students who complete their their their GCE Advanced Level examination enter private well um um um higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th 16th 16th like you know century, when the Japanese conquered it, it, it, and like so the city was further damaged when when when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the on the on the plane, they accidentally make make make two people okay okay disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel franz Werfel franz Werfel was born a a a German - speaking Jew in um well Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab Punjab Punjab to like um this day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege siege siege uh like by arranging for NATO air strikes and an an an artillery barrage like uh which enabled a ground assault by by by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons mesons mesons I mean um made of two quarks and two antiquark, antiquark, antiquark, but the so um particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar Singh Singh Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is um like like like believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and you know know know um caused chaos - fire was poured on on on okay uh the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician the physician the physician assistant program was was was first accredited on May 1, so like 1990, and and and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large large large I mean um males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which which which so like organized world tours and booked live performances performances performances for various artists so well including Wu - Tang Tang Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity austerity austerity ( very different than Ilsted's scenes uh so of common common common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's like well colorful colorful colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar scar scar you know so tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 January 1943, it was part part part of the so I mean British First Army in in in Tunisia and from there it so um fought through the the the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) ) ) well well is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell um um um uh him about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance alliance alliance and worked okay um with them to trick Mookie Mookie Mookie into misplaying his idol, okay I mean resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and and and Napoleonic well you know Wars, rising to the rank of of of an 'Oberst' and uh like chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires okay okay okay um miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens uh uh uh um a wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters enters enters the so I mean present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also she also she also studied Drama and used used used to combine writing with um so her work as an an an actress and producer in her like like country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 36 36 - um um 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler Crumpler Crumpler recovered the onside kick so um and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around Jumet, he was like uh uh uh active in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in uh uh uh you know his output are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight um well well well division race in which they finished one game out okay okay okay okay in the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother like you you you know died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in the the the US like you know the band decided to film film film a higher budget video: um so the American video video video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and okay okay okay well Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal on like so a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time goes by they go to the race track, track, track, I mean okay where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set set set so okay up their establishment of the federation in in in Beijing as you know okay the philanthropic branch of of of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option uh uh uh so in support of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and and and Ops (B), well I mean the SHAEF deception deception deception planners, were worried about the impact okay okay of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan Afghan Afghan before his okay so death, his family was in great danger and and and um um therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, so so so that like so the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater greater greater opportunity okay like as a main cast member on 'Traffic 'Traffic 'Traffic Light' along so so with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift the rift the rift between Robert and Godwin Godwin Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition you know uh uh uh and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to well okay okay okay 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a a a okay like Canadian actor / producer / writer writer writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the the the so well training academy was permitted to remain open open open as an I mean I mean independent training organization in in in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by by by 'coemptio' you know um or 'usus': in the the the latter, a woman could avoid her husband's well okay legal legal legal control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout throughout throughout the okay so night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and and and well I mean Technology magnet school located in in in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer who like like played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing playing playing at representative level like I mean for Scotland, Scotland, Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional you you you know well body was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells uh you know know know Satella to take Azmaria as far away as they they they can, you know you know but before they can escape, escape, escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone uh so and takes takes takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was once a full member of the university but uh uh uh I mean has now left (though it retained some ties) ties) ties) having so um previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and and and if like I mean they object the child (unless they they they are over 16 years old) um uh can not be be be accommodated under Section 20 of this Act; um you you you know the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu is you know uh the story of the Eel and the Flounder; Flounder; Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, Sánchez, Sánchez, um well quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused caused caused by like so medical negligence during her birth and and and has been treated for okay okay the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) present) present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of of of the team uh well Los Pochos Guapos with Kaos who who who main evented I mean so in third episode episode episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's um um match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Angeles um um um well Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first first first WNBA Championship with so so the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions Inc. Has Has Has set the bar with thought - okay okay provoking, edgy, edgy, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement movement movement like well in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is is is often said okay well to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship um uh uh uh Chair of Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor okay okay okay uh of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - you know know know I mean based, amateur handball club registered in the the the England I mean uh Handball Association, which hosts both both both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of of of so so Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American American American actor uh okay best known for playing Deputy Police Police Police Commissioner William Rawls on HBO okay uh series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase purchase purchase the whole um uh Ward End site and further further further expand Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, like like like like 1965) was born near McComb and attended the the the University um okay of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But 'Nobody But 'Nobody But Me' is a single single single by American country music so uh singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made gateson made gateson made her film debut in 1931 1931 1931 after a career you know I mean on the stage stage stage of more than two decades, playing secondary I mean mean mean you know character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a configuration you you you know uh which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended a I I I mean well few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, priest, priest, he okay um was ordained on December December December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in in in the um well USA to introduce RFID technology was was was Spring Independent School District you know okay near near near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave so okay okay okay 28, 000 students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun Mansion like like like well and Library, was originally built as a four four four room well you know house about 1803 and was was was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council Council Council uh like while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before just before just before the Riley Center was completed, completed, completed, the city well uh announced that it had bought bought bought the Threefoot Building from a you know okay okay okay private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the so so so like first time due to an injury of Benedikt uh uh uh um Höwedes in a 4 -- 0 home win win win against Nuremberg; he you know so also scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation manifestation manifestation to the official so I mean religion as a way way way for people to okay um seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were were were incarcerated in uh um a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum mausoleum mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is is is an American um uh professional basketball player for for for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy well you you you know is exposed as a liar in the the the subsequent you know like inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park banksia Park banksia Park is a a a north - eastern uh okay suburb located 20 km from from from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet is a theorem about about about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly you you you know uh & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and and and was the first um like member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly like well well well desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) so so so uh is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 on 15 on 15 August, he scored scored scored Spurs 'first goal of like I mean the Premier Premier Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 you know so so so draw at home to Stoke City, and um well on on on 26 September, Dier scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Loc Loc okay uh Ninh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Infantry Infantry Regiment, 5th um well Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Colonel Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry I mean well Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, League, League, a summer um you know league for college players, players, players, with the Orleans Firebirds, so okay and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE GCE GCE uh well O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by by by wide um well margins in single - candidate votes, votes, votes, although there you know so is room for symbolic protest protest protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly like so so so led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the the the well you know Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts parts parts of the okay um City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, appearance, appearance, the pair like well became a recurring recurring recurring role starting in the 1945 - you know okay okay okay 46 season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily momentarily momentarily uh okay took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign in foreign in foreign policy the nation nation nation never joined the League of you know I mean mean mean Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm uh uh uh well the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged the Legged the Legged Squad Support Support Support System was to 'Go so so where dismounts go, do do do what dismounts do, work among uh well dismounts,' carry carry carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January in January in January 1861, Tom, Horatio Horatio Horatio and a party of employees and okay um their families families families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton okay okay okay okay Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set set set out on like um an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at run at run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of of of evolving you know I mean musical styles, many of the later conceived conceived conceived artists in uh well the 80's and 90's are highly influenced influenced influenced by artists such so I mean as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the in the in the early 1970, Moberly Moberly Moberly was arrested after a you know uh demonstration outside outside outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back back back rent on you know you know the land to the Bureau Bureau Bureau of Land Management, but so okay the government refused the the the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of I mean mean mean you know oral storytelling to put to paper a a a series of okay uh captivating, colorful stories, where where where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in (in (in the Gregory - you know okay Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist aheist aheist film is a subgenre to a Crime Crime Crime okay um film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Klan Klan Går like you know Large' and 'Det Blå Show' Show' Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the as the as the 25th Brigade fell fell fell back, the right of the uh uh 23rd Brigade was exposed exposed exposed and enveloped by the so um Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his so so so uh travels, which describes the interior with an accuracy no no no well you know subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks singapore ranks singapore ranks as one of the the the highest countries in test scores so I mean in math, math, math, science, and literacy, s listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race I I I mean okay held on the road course at Indianapolis, from from from 2005 to okay uh 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main main main um well antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend Abigail, though well I mean in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in in in I mean you know Season 8, she contacts Booth for the the the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the the the only um you know leftist youth organization in the the the whole area of the Persian um um Gulf region which which which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on on on um like the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the on the on the night of the game game game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South uh I I I mean Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had browning had browning had been drinking since since since the war, but his drinking you know like became became became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which which which forced well so his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members other members other members of the team became became became jealous of the okay um tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Scottish Scottish Liberal like like Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Garth Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by by by Reverend John um I mean Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house house house in St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated you you you know like Cerofisi was 'one of the toughest men in the the the world'; police uh um suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 6 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, in addition, in addition, some deliveries may not not not be appropriate you know well for a reverse auction, as as as back loads and part loads so um often require require require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off - road road road like I mean vehicles planted two bombs, after their their their detonation, they opened fire on I mean well worshipers at at at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, okay okay okay okay 500 people marched through west Belfast; during the the the first hunger okay I mean strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD uh okay okay okay with the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Cop Cop you know well Shoot Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Jon Jon Rose; the well uh band recorded an album named named named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates in Serbia under the the the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores idea stores idea stores okay okay okay I mean are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from from from the um like Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the the the park covers an area well um of (approx) 50 50 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official no official no official track listing has been revealed revealed revealed except for 'Audience so I mean No. 2', the the the first single released on May 21st 2008, you know you you you know along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and well well well well a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a a a okay okay visionary and virtuoso of this art took took took Koothu and Kudiyattam like like outside the temples to to to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama drama drama so so based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his his his participation uh you know in the murders committed at 925 925 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated like um the address on June June June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks well uh uh uh in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold julie Gold julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; Philadelphia; Philadelphia; she graduated from the Philadelphia um um High School for for for Girls in 1974 and from 1990 so so to to to 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves offer less exposure exposure exposure to sunlight, so okay okay they are heated less thus thus thus reducing evaporation and okay so conserving the remaining remaining remaining water in the plant and occur on on on okay I mean the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra you you you know uh and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County uh um um um Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, audiences, audiences, I mean well is the best - reviewed film in in in the 'X-Men' like uh series and was considered by by by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced traced traced back to uh well several earlier blues songs songs songs and it has been suggested that Robert like like like okay Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery I I I mean so County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd outdoor outdoor outdoor like well game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's the car's the car's name is a reference reference reference to the General Robert okay well E. Lee and and and it bears a Confederate flag on its roof, okay like like like and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where where where the so okay events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited revisited revisited in the 'Raccoon's I mean you know Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, egypt 1999, egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and and and in 2009 made like um a return to International Handball Handball Handball with four appearances for I mean you know Australia Australia Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the last um um um I mean name Bartlett (2009) and the town has has has a pub, a you know you know general general general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in in in 1996 okay I mean to Moore's former seat and and and still serves in I mean so the chamber, called called called Moore' one of the giants of um um Texas politics politics politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after after after well I mean the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins wins wins the so like election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent in recent in recent years, however, the Rama Rama Rama population has increased to um you know around 2, 2, 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the population living living living I mean okay on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with with with I mean so their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet officials officials officials you know well that same day, who asked if he he he wanted to okay so return to the United United United States; he insisted to them that well okay he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released US set, set, set, This remastered like I mean set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not okay okay okay okay serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and so so so like blues scene in London, then traveled on to um um um um Sweden as a solo performer, and in in in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and and and uh well Technology in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani Milani Milani started movie like you know directing with Children of of of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, it covered, it covered, along the boulevards boulevards boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the so so Marshals) of today, today, today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third third third so I mean husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 on 1 on 1 May 1942 she she she was assigned to the like like '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in uh okay okay okay favor of excluding the pledge; quoted members said said said they I mean you know found the 'under 'under 'under God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because I mean uh it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season so so so so making a total of seven appearances in his first like like like um season as a professional, making his debut as as as a you know you know substitute for Orient Orient Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases the Diseases the Diseases Database is based around around around a collection okay well of about 8, 500 concepts, concepts, concepts, called 'items', related to so I mean human human human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General General General like I mean Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median the median the median income for for for a household in the city well well is $ 29, 29, 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul you know well well well and David King after experiencing similar frustrations while um um um okay working freelance; the brothers wanted a software that would would would um uh let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal well well well okay light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of of of I mean well geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - - - Miller (born so so September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New New New Jersey) was the you know uh director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the the the 'Exposition well um Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known initially known initially known as the Focal Point Point Point Media Center, as well so part of the AND AND AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, so uh the center began began began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which which which well like attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid hid hid escaped deserters from the Confederate uh I mean Army and and and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is pomade is pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and and and directing you know um 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays screenplays screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Massachusetts, like uh attended the University of Rhode Island Island Island and Stutz played well like three seasons (1946 -- -- -- 1949) in the Basketball Association um well of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the the the like um three ships were forced to stop in Los Angeles Angeles Angeles for repair I mean you know and on 13 April April April General MacArthur reported blockade running okay like was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now the now the now armorless Collabos is is is used by Taiga I mean well as bait to to to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which okay you you you know Snipe later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd uh uh uh like Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I mean mean mean you know I am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U um um um so. S. With the purchase of the money - - - losing, $ I mean well 300 million in sales, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; so okay in 2001, 2001, 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current the current the current Chief of Police Police Police is Thomas E um I mean. Smith, who who who smith, who smith, who was sworn in on June 15th 15th 15th 2010, succeeding John uh you know M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit um um um you know wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is worton is worton is a village in Wensleydale Wensleydale Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales well you know in the the the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of of of uh uh soldiers positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Schloss Schloss Allner um um and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span span span one you know uh kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen van Halen van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash ash ash body and um so maple neck for $ 130 from Wayne Wayne Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart with I I I mean okay Dolly, and acknowledges that her her her ex is now with so um a woman fifteen years younger younger younger than her with a um you know baby baby baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John sir John sir John Hawker English, M. D D D. (1788 -- 1840), entered you know you know the the the employment of the king of Sweden as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is uh uh uh like an American film and television actor best known known known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic Arabic Arabic language um so song in Egyptian Arabic by the the the Lebanese pan-Arab singer uh you know Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in the so so so I mean projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the the the previous estimate okay you know of $ 16 million, million, million, down to $ 1. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November November November um okay 1886) was the first African - American American American to okay I mean graduate from Harvard Law School in in in 1869, and the you know you know first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and and and you know I mean butcher him for stew meat, telling telling telling the rest of the I mean like family that they they they will not leave and with 'good people you know like like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the the the okay uh school did not have a large budget and coach coach coach Erk well so Russell ordered solid blue helmets helmets helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he studied at Oxford Oxford Oxford okay you know University in 1957 -- 1958 1958 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming in coming in coming weeks, seeking to to to distance himself from his daughter's legal like okay problems problems problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented uh uh uh okay by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was was was not short uh I mean - listed for the top job job job but applied after he I mean so received received received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the okay well well well Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by by by um uh Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by by by you know um Colombian authorities in Cali during March March March 2004, accused of having like I mean shipped 150 kilograms kilograms kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, I mean uh uh uh a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by the National National National Science I mean well Foundation (NSF), will deliver data data data and data products for a okay like 25 - - - year - plus time period within an like okay expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a a a uh well restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was was was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first first first okay I mean one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work work work uh um for a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song the song the song sold over 100, 000 copies alone alone alone well like in the southern states and then Cash began to to to uh like tour with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is membership is membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it it it may be effectively like okay required in order order order to work, which is why some people okay okay use the the the term common - interest association to describe groups so I I I mean which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) 1944) 1944) is so so a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive cognitive cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November 2010 which which which okay I mean outlined many new developments, including the the the impact of you know you know 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) ) ) is you know like the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between between between okay okay those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon Diamond' uh well or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the the the player has gained uh like access to the Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player has so so fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition to his military service, due to the okay okay okay um influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was was was I mean um a Member of Parliament and was was was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British discovered Pau and its climate and left their their their so well imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there there there um um in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez Orthez Orthez (some I mean like 40 km to the NW) on on on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the so like 1984 team team team with six sacks and 13 tackles I mean um for for for loss, and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role is defined in standard forms of contract contract contract such well uh as those published by the Joint Joint Joint Contracts Tribunal you know well. Clerks of Works are are are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the for the for the next several months, months, months, 'Drum' operated in her you know well local homeport operating operating operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment well like in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March on March on March 1, 2007, he was was was released one year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the the the end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins can be traced back to the 17th century, century, century, uh so when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided divided divided into three you know you know administrative districts, given given given by the scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in okay uh his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives arrives arrives to so um give the patient the last rites, rites, rites, but Bernhardi refuses him like um admission wishing to spare her her her the anguish she would I mean like suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the the the like okay Cavaliers got off to a strong start winning winning winning their um uh first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while in the the the water, okay uh bikini - clad, resulting in the the the two girls having sex I mean okay for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established New England political interests feared the growth growth growth okay like of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Jason A. Jason A. Heyward (born (born (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New um so Jersey) nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College the College the College is also one of of of the largest providers um you know of workforce training, adult adult adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in a like so four four four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino - - - Japanese War okay you know in 1937, Japanese Japanese Japanese troops overran the salterns in North China and soon so so so so more than half the salt revenue was either either either not well okay collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland so so so um Athletics in 1989 to win the World Series after losing losing losing like okay in the previous year, and the second second second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress Congress Congress like like worker in the early Seventies and became became became General well like Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks uh uh uh well of the total Basic Training period, and is identical identical identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although well okay okay okay the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all the the the uh um power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese the Japanese the Japanese bonsai bonsai bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit so um um um of the plant being used: in all cases, they okay okay okay like must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the the the protest um uh caused some embarrassment to Japan, Japan, Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action and and and so so was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment like so outside outside outside of Westminster politics when he lost office in I I I mean um 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred referred referred well uh to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94. 03 03 03 like like % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the the the victim before the punishment okay um and to to to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' like so and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names names names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the U. S S S. State I mean I mean of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in 1985, um I I I mean the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems poems poems and like I mean painting, and the abstracts spun a variety of of of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland the Leyland the Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) PSUC1) PSUC1) was a okay you know lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built built built by Leyland uh like Motors between 1951 and 1970, most most most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when okay I I I mean he was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has has has well so dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title track was also recorded in the the the sessions for well well this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was there was there was an uneasy calm calm calm built during the two years okay you know know know of emergency but the discontent lead to a wave well well well um in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely you you you know I mean NEVER WILL as it's it's it's an informal (unresolved) term that has okay um fallen fallen fallen out of favour with academics, and okay so apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams kimberlé Williams kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) 1959) 1959) is an American civil rights uh like advocate, scholar scholar scholar in the field of critical race theory, I mean like like like and a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Columbia Columbia so I mean Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an I mean mean mean okay English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, 1762, 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management management management had um uh destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence evidence evidence before the um uh police arrived and they alleged that that that fellow students were asked like I mean to wash wash wash spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) ) ) are a so uh well known South African brand of of of rusks - okay well a traditional South African snack snack snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in but, in but, in a reversal of of of policy in 1877, General Oliver well so O. Howard threatened threatened threatened to attack if the Indians did well um not not not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual the actual the actual vector of a plate's plate's plate's motion is a function so okay of all the forces forces forces acting on the plate; however, therein remains so well well well the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer who okay okay played in the 1950s, playing at representative representative representative level for uh well Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was so so so so the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total atotal atotal of 25 North Pacific Giant Giant Giant Octopuses I mean well were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by by by the um like 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to trap trap trap and uh so cut off the column of armoured cars in in in the valley; over uh you know 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey um um um I mean departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to to to cloak well like Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic the Slavic the Slavic people were were were simply considered uncultured and inferior by um um the Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the the the men like like in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women women women could enroll in uh so the Ladies Department, Department, Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March March March 17, 1974) uh well was an American businessperson and and and politician. The Democrat King well so served as the first United United United States Representative from California's I mean uh 17th congressional congressional congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, later on, later on, more bus bus bus lines were added to the Bus Bus Bus well so Station, a transport congestion started forming forming forming in the station, and uh uh as a result bus bus bus stations started spreading towards the surrounding streets so like of of of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates in lectures and other projects with the like like like I mean local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi I mean so so so in 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks ranks ranks I mean I mean first in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The The The uh you know House of Lords, Lord Lord Lord Wei also takes an interest you know okay in British British British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform you know know know uh and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is simon is simon is an extremely extremely extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly innovating the okay okay okay okay sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met well well well uh Ambrosio twice, and the second time he told him him him that you know I mean he had decided to write to to to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground so so so okay on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are usually bus services such as well okay okay okay the Kopaja buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid rapid rapid I mean so transit which is the longest bus bus bus rapid transit system in so uh the world, boasting some in in in 13 corridors and uh so 10 10 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest interest interest uh okay in social justice and a gifted gifted gifted linguist from an early like um age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Milwaukee, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and uh like he describes himself as a a a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: cell 95: cell 95: 839 - 846 846 846 The protein is largely okay you know localized to small small small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar uh okay pocket and and and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a a a um um coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes like like like well County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 in in in Pirituba uh um principality of São Gonçalo do do do Amarante and died from a heart attack at like like like so the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County um um um I mean was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the the the end okay I mean of 25 June and the the the 49th Division continued like okay the attack southwards until 1 1 1 July, when the I mean okay division saw off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported like like like you know hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was watts was watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden Baden Baden - Württemberg, the um uh only child of of of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was it was it was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and and and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining okay okay okay like up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Kings Kings Cross, uh like running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon while Osorkon while Osorkon II's II's II's precise reign length is unknown, some well you know Egyptologists Egyptologists Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath -- in his well well well well 1997 book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and and and Aidan I mean I mean Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Pierre Pierre you know well Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his his his grandfather Louis I mean I mean Antoine Deland was from from from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the well um queen, and and and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling falling falling you know well unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says michael says michael says the only wealth in in in this world like you know is children, and, caring caring caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay so you know to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, Tollywood, Tollywood, he well okay is one of the most most most popular and influential actors well well of Telugu cinema, cinema, cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was bigham was bigham was awarded the Bank of of of America Neighborhood Hero Award I mean I mean for the the the prom as well as the Bob okay so Speltzer Community Community Community Service Award by the Q Center for his um well well well work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award okay okay okay well in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan Logan Logan into you know so molten steel, however as Wild Wild Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de de de Bois, used pigeon okay you know Island as as as his base, he forged an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 1957 1957 ) you know I mean is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her so um um um daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( so you you you know Kanani and Keli'i ) all four who help well so so so run the center. , and ,and ,and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was he was he was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf Düsseldorf Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy like like like okay losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but but but Castelnuovo eventually so I mean fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine the Marine the Marine Corps will lead lead lead an investigation into um you know the incident, which will include include include salvaging the fuselages of the two you know I mean mean mean helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's Jake's Jake's so uh porch, leading him to send his his his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over over over two well so decades, and Henry was subject subject subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; uh um but after Henry's Henry's Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, uh like like like 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during uh so so so the seventh season of the American reality series' American American American uh so Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is is is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but but but that in okay um itself does not prove that Bess Bess Bess was in service at Bradgate so you know and and and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of her her her okay uh parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is you know you you you know an American high school basketball player, and in in in like um 2015 was featured as one of of of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will be given given given as so well 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 265 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built built built okay so to service the Horizon Oil Sands project project project like like of Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNQ (CNQ (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), um like and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal internal internal okay I mean reconstruction to a design by Architect George George George Coles; almost I mean well all the original ornate plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on on on 9 um I mean February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals festivals festivals uh you know occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, Kaikoura, Kaikoura, and local reggae artists you know so are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to well well well I mean the reserves, missing out on an appearance in in in the final & I mean so Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge refuge refuge with the king's well so brother Gusulf, where where where he noted that Abbas did not I mean I I I mean ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many many many great scientists like uh and researchers that Crowley worked worked worked with over the years, uh you know among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles she resembles she resembles her comic incarnation, incarnation, incarnation, just apparently younger with so uh a cat mask, mask, mask, which is the only part I mean well of of of her visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are are are highly well well efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in in in um well love with each other again and after an an an you know uh argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy occupy occupy like you know a multiple of sectors regardless regardless regardless of the file's actual size okay like files that do not not not fill a whole sector will you know okay have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met his wife in Dalian and like uh his girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend was a student of the Hong Kong I mean mean mean well Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein that that that you know well the artisans say is chemically unique but but but at current so so rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, like like like okay there is also an overall champion titled the All All All - you know okay Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in like like the the the Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the Austro well well well okay - Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, father, father, um so Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield um like like like warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas okay okay okay I mean. J. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining remaining remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a a a professional so you know Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham Gillingham Gillingham after signing a well so two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous voyages had been in search of the well uh uh uh mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of California, which which which uh okay according to a previously published romance romance romance novel in um I mean Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane uh you you you know on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the at the at the age of 100, he he he was one of the oldest um uh Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better better better known as Brooke Fraser (born um um 15 December 1983), 1983), 1983), is a New Zealand musician best known you know uh for for for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam the Amsterdam the Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate collegiate collegiate summer baseball um um team based in Amsterdam, New York York York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al Ali (born (born (born 6 February 1986) is a I mean uh Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from originating from originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Angelos Angelos Derlopas has won so you know some good reviews on on on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and like well has has has earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 mp3 mp3 well okay. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com Com Com and you know so was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, altamira Press, altamira Press, 2002 The status status status of women in pre-Columbian Maya society I mean okay can can can be inferred only from their elaborate burial sMaya sMaya sMaya societies include I mean so Toniná, a city which became became became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became became became so um its first honorary president and, upon upon upon his death, was okay you know succeeded by the Prince Prince Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael kristopher Michael kristopher Michael Pooley (born October October October 30, 1976) is um like an American rock musician musician musician from Detroit that is most you know I I I mean popular for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis of of of uh okay the E class, supplied by Neilson and Company Company Company in 1904, I mean well and in the same year year year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard okay okay okay okay to see if Fanny's hat was there, but well well well um the door closed behind her and she found herself herself herself like um back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is is is a uh you know PK -- 12 graded school school school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with with with Tulasnellaceae, while well uh epiphytic fungi may associate more more more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - major - major - General Sir Henry Henry Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 like I mean -- -- -- 24 November 1857) was a British general okay okay who who who is particularly associated with India and his like like like like recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart like like like uh for one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the whole tour so uh uh uh in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, though, well like like like with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, roads, roads, and in uh so 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Expressway Expressway Authority Act was signed I mean well into law, creating creating creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward Ward Ward like like with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich Herpich Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue I mean um so that that that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted uh uh uh um by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London London London was created well you know in 1965 and covers covers covers the ceremonial county of Greater I mean okay London and does does does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by by by Status Quo, I mean uh which was released as a a a single in 1972 (reaching uh um number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco Bay Area Area Area well like. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 81, 81, 700 residents so like making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and and and um you know potato, Christina thought that the chicken chicken chicken had unexpectedly okay I mean great flavor, the gratin was was was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species species species selection like like is S. J. Gould who has proposed proposed proposed the view that um so there exist macroevolutionary processes processes processes which shape evolution beyond the level of species okay uh and and and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for um I I I mean two years Thrace was in the hands hands hands of Halil I mean well Pasha, the the the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 January 2011, at a political political political meeting at the like you know Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his like I mean wife had agreed agreed agreed to an amicable separation and that he um like had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part part part of um well the archipelago, caused by the convergence of of of mild and um uh humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of of of I mean okay the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in in in 'The Case um uh of Gabriel Perry', and spent spent spent the remainder of the I mean you know decade playing playing playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first the first the first documented use use use of the term is within uh so a song featuring featuring featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which well um um um a sample was taken from a much older dancehall tune tune tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO AlPO AlPO okay so 4 and have framework structures with with with microporous cavities and the like uh frameworks are made up up up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll atroll atroll threatened them as they came, came, came, one by I mean okay one; the two older ran off, off, off, but the youngest set so okay out, out, out, having asked for food, and when the troll um well threatened threatened threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d (d (d. 450?) um uh um uh um uh and Hildeburh Hildeburh Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and uh so so so the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a a a mythical tribal so uh ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film I I I mean like series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon Nickelodeon Nickelodeon from June so well 8, 2013 to July July July 17, 2014. The season introduces, Jennette like so so so McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style I I I mean well and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 1894 1894 I mean you know the scenario of such an alliance seemed seemed seemed plausible to um um the British public; only four four four years later, Britain and um uh France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is is is in you know well the process of developing a 10 acre wetland wetland wetland uh uh site having already installed stone paths at at at a like well cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in in in you know so 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman businessman businessman and financier, well um he is the executive executive executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a you know um private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based like uh uh uh award - winning filmmaker who has produced and directed directed directed over so well 70 professional productions working on on on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located well like like like north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India India India you know I mean Lunghar is villagers called Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs other drugs other drugs are adulterated with substances substances substances to create addiction, an okay so example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it was designed to be a summer retreat retreat retreat okay well for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the the the lake; okay so the villa was named after an an an elm planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company uh so so so founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese Japanese Japanese toy you know uh company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / / / well so DJ and is the only child of a French French French like I mean mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the you know know know so 1967 Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where um um um like the lead character is not am ambitious feminist I I I mean like but is a woman based based based in the home well like but a sensitive woman woman woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions many exhibitions many exhibitions and art events were were were held in the well okay space but as of 2005 2005 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the after the after the match Taylor reacted angrily angrily angrily when van Barneveld you know um attempted to pull him back back back to congratulate him after their like so handshake, handshake, handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition and and and like I mean a benefactor to local churches, paying paying paying for the restoration of his okay like local church church church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his father he had inherited a war war war okay I mean against the Byzantine Empire and and and against the Turks in the so you know know know east, and negotiations of peace had just begun with with with the okay I mean Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd Hormizd Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their so so so okay Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino dom's 'Rhino dom's 'Rhino Technique' Technique' Technique' is based on Karate putting a like I mean strong emphasis emphasis emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is he is he is the the the reason why Manx is no longer so uh a part part part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him like like for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to a a a heart illness so um and can only be deciphered deciphered deciphered to be athlete's heart through careful uh I mean mean mean examination by a health care practioner which will commonly notice notice notice well I mean normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian states require that firearms must be locked okay like like like in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and (and (and bolt if readily like okay removed) stored either in a a a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I Am Number Number Number 8' so um and parallels a look at at at King David's life okay okay with his own focusing focusing focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP you you you know you know and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before before before becoming a uh like baseball agent and Baseball Operations Operations Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, uh I mean a a a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring after retiring after retiring as a player, Richards went went went into local you know okay government in Wolverhampton; later later later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a you know know know you know kennel is a small shed, often built in in in the so well shape of a little house, in which which which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing uh uh uh okay further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it is updated manually it does not reflect the the the okay well current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play play play okay okay the 2010 season for the Newark Newark Newark Bears. He hit um like. 279 with 279 with 279 279 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association Association Association club located in okay uh Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the island island island and as I mean you know of 2004, 2004, 2004, the State of Florida was offering a site in the the the um um Island Gardens project on Watson Island to host host host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council the Council the Council was officially registered in in in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - - - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The uh like like like 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star Star Star and um um later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho UMinho UMinho like I mean in the opening round but but but their domestic campaign I mean so ended with a 5th place place place finish and therefore the team okay like missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is aardvark is aardvark is stuck on a a a deserted island where like I mean the only food food food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes includes includes um okay the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese Taiwanese Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is is is an attractive female um um (believing that statutory rape rape rape is not a crime if uh uh the perpetrator is is is a beautiful woman), and as you know um far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before you you you know well moving to england In 1965, where where where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak edyta Górniak edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, 1972, 1972, Ziębice, Poland) you know I mean is a a a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the the the first so like in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a a a major probe I mean okay into utility companies funding funding funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of uh uh uh um Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the the the you know um École Pratique des Hautes Études in in in Paris and you know you know the 'Senior 'Senior 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became he became he became Naval Adjutant Adjutant Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact I mean you know know know that Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for La I mean mean mean okay Sylphide to show off her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew he grew he grew up up up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the um I I I mean Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and and and as an so so Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared um um um like in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond you you you know uh film 'Quantum of Solace', in the the the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 27 27 so you know August 1929) was a career career career solider who commanded the First Battalion so you know know know of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played marlo played marlo played a major role in in in the Captain Marvel series until okay so she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which you you you know well takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, so so so you know in the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on uh um the the the 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven 'seven 'seven - volume um so series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', L'Chavero', L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence violence violence and therefore like so refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns that though he joined the firm firm firm you know like later, Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, partner, partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā I I I mean like ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in in in the so like traditions of the Church of the East, East, East, one of um like the oldest Christian churches whose origins origins origins trace well okay back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of of of like I mean the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer transfer transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from so so so okay Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in in in the okay uh First Sino - Japanese War to to to made China discontinue the okay well influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of of of the uh so 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba Yarsagumba Yarsagumba (or uh uh Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is is is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original the original the original 1965 Broadway production ran ran ran for 2, 328 performances okay um and won five five five Tony Awards, and the musical so uh has been revived four four four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state state state I mean um of Andhra Pradesh, it is located located located on the you know you know banks of the the the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist revisionist revisionist organisation um okay Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his his his release from prison he you know well was from 1997 1997 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first the first the first historical reference to the the the castle occurs in 1191, when so uh King Richard I of of of England captured it on his way to um so so so the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty thirty thirty - so I mean third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are are are um you know attacked by the Air Force, however, they they they manage to defeat so well them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as as as like so 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a a a subsidiary of the so you know organization organization organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations presentations presentations and um like merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, by Roman Roman Roman Emperor you know okay Aurelian to defend the city city city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the in the in the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure exposure exposure to cadmium like um was high, but as the toxic toxic toxic effects of cadmium okay uh became apparent, industrial limits on on on cadmium exposure have been reduced I mean um in most most most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race uh I I I mean was presented, which required teams to locate a harbor harbor harbor so like in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is the the the um like home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station this station this station also houses a large large large Emergency Tender you know okay ( Call Sign: 'NO4' 'NO4' 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although okay um um um there is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart Fridays' were I mean well introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold hold hold a um uh Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant assistant assistant graduates like okay holding Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all all all newly uh so credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the number of of of boat okay you know houses marked on old maps, maps, maps, including two on the Arborfield estate, one um okay of of of which still exists, one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal the centrifugal the centrifugal propulsion was later later later replaced by a conventional engine and well you know know know propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; the uh uh uh you know rolled seams intended to hold the panels panels panels together subsequently okay so unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used for for for so uh the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution solution solution is uh you know to use a thermistor or or or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; you know okay both provide provide provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as a a a so okay free agent with the New York Rangers on on on July 13, I mean uh 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews like like like you know declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened opened opened in well uh 1891, and the Chandigarh - - - Sahnewal line (also referred to well so as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony testimony testimony as you know like well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways its runways its runways were closed closed closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was there was there was some initial initial initial evidence that statin therapy might I mean okay reduce vasospasm, however, however, however, a subsequent meta - analysis you know um including including including three further trials did not demonstrate evidence for well well well well benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for for for Venezuela okay you know and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial crucial crucial pass, um okay Alexander could be cut off from from from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana gana gana so so (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants attendants attendants -- uh like placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- -- -- should um well carry a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group formed formed formed in um well 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk Alphrisk Alphrisk and Mareko so well and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number of forts were built for the defence you know know know I mean of the city just prior to the Second Second Second Boer I mean well War, though some are today today today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly you know know know well referred as Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- well I mean mean mean 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the the the Cabinet um well Room, where he warns the PM PM PM that Luke well okay is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF many IETF many IETF RFCs use the term term term 'network order'; it so uh simply describes the order of of of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the in the in the 21st century, century, century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C are being you you you know you know evaluated for their possible use in cancer, cancer, cancer, but clinical results have okay like shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser simon Fraser simon Fraser University, the University University University of Victoria, and the University you know I mean mean mean of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he he he gives I mean okay Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during so I I I mean his presidency, all to United States district courts; courts; courts; he like you know did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the uh uh uh okay album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in in in Division you know so I. UTSA will join the the the Western Athletic Conference on so like July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June in June in June 1800 he he he took the Vienna oath you know well of citizenship citizenship citizenship and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church like like like um he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to look at our our our brothers okay so as aliens, men with whom we share share share a city, okay I mean but not a community; men bound bound bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to to to have been okay okay sent by the Sultan of of of Sulu landed in Sabah you know you know know know and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at at at you know like least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the so you you you know team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is he is he is the son of José José José A. 'Nía' Rivera, so well a former mayor of of of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed okay you know at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on um uh uh uh the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court you you you know so to dispute the theory and in the special special special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago in in in 1989, and okay um his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, considering considering considering okay uh that he had a young family to to to care for; I mean so but as he said said said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took um um um so part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and and and um like cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine doctrine doctrine of okay I mean the Real Presence, such such such as the Book of Common um like Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the the the death so so sentence, which was commutted to long long long prison terms, you know you know while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering discovering discovering after discovering after discovering I mean well that the the the demons are herbivores and eat half their weight I mean mean mean so in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that that that so you know is performed in an operatic style, style, style, or a song, I mean I mean theme theme theme or motif from classical music stylized as pop pop pop okay I mean. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of of of tissues and you know okay body cavities where they are present, present, present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the the the former German okay you know colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging messaging messaging so well application for businesses that was founded in May May May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) 1980) 1980) well like is a British Labour Party politician, who currently currently currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus the campus the campus was a host host host site for the Canadian like well Open Data Experience (CODE) (CODE) (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February you you you know I mean 28 to March 2 2 2 2014, when participants from across you know so Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months like like like so earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Royce Royce Casey so uh - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination so um um um by association can also take a case even if if if they do so well not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or or or prohibiting uh I mean assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or or or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is quick to anger at the perception of like like like okay injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones Jones Jones um like destroys the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up okay okay okay well with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals you know uh uh uh that she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth fifth fifth movie in uh I mean the franchise, Lois has has has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the Civil I mean so War, War, War, had served two terms as president from 1869 to so so so I mean 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another like like like I mean well - known station in the area from from from like you know 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine well well well you know caused irreversible changes in two small small small areas of the rat so you know brain, which, however, has has has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability bioavailability bioavailability of okay I mean phylloquinone, however, fat fat fat added to it increases bioavailability to you know okay 13 13 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which which which um you know are permissible to consume. This are this are this are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as well like like like one of the most famous carp lakes in in in the I mean uh country, whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work has been shown in many Los Angeles Angeles Angeles galleries and I mean um has been collected by among among among others Kevin Spacey and well uh is related to to to J. B. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known so so so so as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of um um um well blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have there have there have been six murders, murders, murders, seven ongoing investigations of um okay murders, and three missing person person person reports in the state since you know okay 2011 2011 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is he is he is a close friend friend friend of the poet Linda Gregg to okay well whom whom whom he was married for six years, and you know um um um was also married to Michiko Nogami (a language I mean mean mean you know instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of like like like uh Fallot (TOF), that will require him to to to undergo at so you know least three open heart surgeries in in in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the additionally, the additionally, the translation of of of the word slave is 'sklavos' and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 1979 1979 well uh ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous numerous numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested suggested suggested Carlos um okay wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being being being the reason like okay behind him raising his left left left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway uh uh uh okay sections of Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting bisecting bisecting the city I mean I mean of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) 2009) 2009) like you know was the principal figure of the Serbian Serbian Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly you know you know known as as as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic like uh awards awards awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely like well exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without due care and attention or careless you you you know um driving is a legal term for a particular type I I I mean so of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss well well well okay entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, design, design, performance, uh you know and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class 'Class 'Class S like well State Championship' for the past 8 years, years, years, recently in so you know the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of two of two of the more famous converts converts converts included by Khulusi were: so I mean the the the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron Baron Baron Headley so I mean (1855 -- 1935), who was also also also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of so so so you know 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former former former uh um CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German tank guns had neither the range you know you you you know nor the power of the 76 mm main gun gun gun of I mean like a KV - 1, and the narrower narrower narrower track width well uh of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws I I I mean uh than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic metabolic metabolic changes so like seen during fasting, which which which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 13, 13, 1856 so um -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian Hungarian Hungarian uh um field marshal who was described as as as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects many projects many projects of varying sizes reach reach reach undesirable end results, such uh like as structural collapse, collapse, collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation reason, okay um those those those with experience in the field make detailed plans and and and um um maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company Company Company B (Long I mean okay Island NY) received and and and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert warren Herbert warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), 1942), 1942), is an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation the coronation the coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński Leszczyński Leszczyński was completed in um like early October and and and peace between Poland and Sweden could be like um established established established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king like like like um to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he keeps keeps keeps like so his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder murder murder to himself lest he meet you know so a similarly similarly similarly unfortunate accident; in return for his silence Dan like like like so Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note will appear beneath the article's entry on on on well okay the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at like okay okay okay Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and and and a I mean okay Ph. D. At the the the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in um so 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules capture molecules capture molecules used are most commonly commonly commonly antibodies; however, more okay okay recently there has has has been a push towards other types of capture so so so you know molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had had had I mean okay 42 players drafted in the National National National Basketball Association (NBA) I mean okay while the women's women's women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis ketosis ketosis (assuming well well no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her her her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should like like like okay get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered it entered it entered the 'Scottish corridor' corridor' corridor' opened beforehand by the 15th um well (Scottish) Division, Division, Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down the you know well well well 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Wigger um um um uh as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm 'I'm 'I'm Never so I mean Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - okay well well well year - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, like like like uh but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening well you you you know Out With Your Girlfriend' which includes includes includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has has has posted a 3. 73 well um ERA in 2011, 2011, 2011, a 3. 84 ERA 84 ERA 84 ERA in 2012, 2012, 2012, a well okay 3. 94 ERA in 2013, 2013, 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same same same words into the so so phone, which convinces Shang to to to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the after the after the revelation, Mother Love would counsel counsel counsel the two sides; I mean okay if if if the guest had received an 'empty door,' I mean uh uh uh a taped response from the second person was aired, aired, aired, like well in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; strength; strength; uh um endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself like uh uh uh in the uterus can cause entanglement with the like like like okay cord. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming Fleming Fleming travelled okay you know to Europe, and after the tour, tour, tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção you know know know so or Youth for Change and Action) is is is aimed I mean like at reducing HIV transmission among among among Mozambican youth, the project promotes okay okay positive behavior change change change in young men by developing their ability I mean so to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they they they um you know were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order in order in order to revive the population and and and defeat Peyote, well like Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very very very low so so skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents residents residents I mean so were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August on August on August 20, 2015, he he he signed with the Pelicans, but um like was later later later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to to to have like um been with the school before before before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he when he when he was young, he participated in in in tennis tournaments in well um Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir Asakir Asakir in the um well 12th century, there were were were opportunities for female education in I mean okay the medieval medieval medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and and and like so resumned his practice; he was active active active in organizing the Republican uh you know Party in the the the state, and was appointed the chair uh well of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season break of of of 'Agents of okay like S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined he combined he combined a property development business business business with a role as a commentator I I I mean you know on motor sport, first at SBS SBS SBS TV then so like on the Nine Network with with with Darrell Eastlake, then moving with so so the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications out, and no way to reach the the the Moon without you know like T - mat, those those those responsible for the system turn to you know I I I mean Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 2009 2009 uh I mean to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January in January in January 1914, the French French French Army had 47 divisions, like uh composed of 777, 777, 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, organized well well well I mean into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, States, States, and is a okay so part of Palm Beach County County County School District, and the other well uh is in Coconut Coconut Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with (with (with well so honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 936 936 uh uh F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a okay well contract contract contract case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), (lime), (lime), you know um causing them to continue running in Abe's Abe's Abe's direction like um and they will only calm down down down when slapped but the slap well okay will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then reveals himself to be the last last last of the I mean uh race of creatures responsible responsible responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor well well well um and 1. 8 - 8- 8- litre and 2. 0 0 0 - okay well litre injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 0 0 - litre well so diesel followed from 1992 1992 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes okay uh uh uh cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Starship Starship Trooper', I mean like is the first single single single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded I I I mean you know in a ditch close to the Leicestershire Leicestershire Leicestershire village of Twycross: I mean so a distance of from from from where she had been um uh abducted, and just 24 24 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May in May in May 2014 2014 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of well well championship club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, Dimes, Dimes, uh like and the March of Dimes provides grants grants grants of $ uh okay 1, 000 for local local local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and uh I mean is is is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted um um um so of 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found found found I mean um in the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, a science science science you know I mean and technology college, has now closed closed closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived the war and continued in service service service with the okay well Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: Arabic: Arabic: الكلدانيون ) um you know are ethnic Assyrian adherents adherents adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most so so of whom whom whom converted to catholicism from the Church of I mean um the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 12 12 1899) was like well the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, Vanderbilt, Vanderbilt, who left him $ you know okay 5 million, and and and the eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring measuring measuring I mean so facial muscular movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had so so so so moved close to the front, ready to exploit a a a breakthrough and well um had advanced on time, time, time, then bunched up with the leading I mean you know divisions, divisions, divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway Expressway Expressway like so in the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square Square Square and Stanford Park, were demolished, you know well residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The um I I I mean Voice to renew public interest in the band; um um um you know given that they're pulling out all the stops, stops, stops, they deserve all well well the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the the the um um central tower and a team led by Zelenka Zelenka Zelenka works to repair the um you know hyperdrive conduits to to to make them functional before the city's power uh okay levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to to to purchase, or okay uh finance a property, with the buyer buyer buyer / investor using as you know you know little of of of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at like well well well South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving you you you know you know yards (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) receptions) receptions) Gurley's last season okay well for the Gamecocks he set set set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson andrew Brunson andrew Brunson is an American American American evangelical pastor of the so so Izmir Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, I mean mean mean like where he stands accused of being a a a member of the Gülen movement, like um which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 the port had an overall traffic well well well okay of 88 million tons, it is located in in in two main I mean like sites, in northern northern northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque um like and in Fos Fos Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which so so so um offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are terminators are terminators are able to carry carry carry a variety of weapons into uh like combat, although although although the most popular choice is a storm bolter and okay okay okay okay a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, 1979, 1979, so okay dropped out of Frank Lucas High School School School okay like over his inability to dissect a frog, and and and so I mean was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an um um um so English football manager who was also a player, notably notably notably at you know um Derby County where he played 442 442 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - REE REE REE well well - yah) is located in the the the central Matale District okay um of the Central Central Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are found mainly in the northern Indian states states states of so you know Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the the the narrow well so Labour majority was eliminated due to by by by - election defeats and like you know in order to to to remain in power, Labour formed the uh so Lib - - - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of of of well um the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and and and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga well well well you know County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release following release following release of the the the petition, he was able to escape I mean you know know know from Iran to the United States, where he currently well well well okay travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat and the position were eventually filled on you you you know you know August 19, 2013 after the House began its its its second ordinary session: okay like so - and - so replaced replaced replaced Ferrer for representative I mean like at - large for for for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Dennis Dennis Del Favero, you know okay Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and and and Peter Weibel developed through the you know like iCinema Centre Centre Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The University of um I I I mean New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related you know know know you know Tigre language, which is spoken in the so um um um lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island small island small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 in 1960 in 1960 it was consolidated with the the the Erie Railroad to so well become the Erie Lackawanna Lackawanna Lackawanna Railway; it operated from well I mean 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in in in Val okay okay d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional professional professional ice hockey goalie okay I mean who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held held held in so okay Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not contain any information information information uh um about the person to whom it is assigned assigned assigned i. E. No you know so information such as e e e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began this began this began a pattern pattern pattern of speculative ventures that he well uh ran alongside alongside alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family the family the family derived its name from the the the settlement Eszterháza near Dunajská well well Streda in today's today's today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does I mean uh not exist exist exist anymore and is not to be confused uh you know know know with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts thoughts thoughts about the operation um I mean and agrees with with with Ty to get the fuse Mike you know know know okay removed from the engine but is caught trying well well well well to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, sung in four - - - part harmony, encompasses um you know a wide range range range of secular Jewish music, classical works on you know uh uh uh Jewish themes and songs of many countries but specializes in in in uh like Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, obstacle, obstacle, during her 11th um you know grade, her father father father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much well well well um to the worry of Leo) and relish in in in their I mean well new evil powers when a shape shape shape - shifting so uh warlock and demonic priestess trick trick trick Prue into a shotgun wedding okay so in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 so like like like signed a truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht Wehrmacht Wehrmacht and uh like Waffen - SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor of Medicine Medicine Medicine um well degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) Hyland) Hyland) like I mean around the campfire one night, which which which causes Claire (Julie okay uh Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Stuart Stuart Mullins, a um okay one - night stand; stand; stand; she is brought up by like you know Mo and stepfather stepfather stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented like okay okay okay in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good okay okay okay well nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African African African Campaign you know um and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, Egypt, Egypt, taking control of the Suez I mean I mean Canal, Canal, Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film starts in a room full of bomb making making making uh so material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in in in Sri Lanka, you know um the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was he was he was born in Newport Newport Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, the um I mean third son son son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport so I I I mean Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for for for three like uh simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects projects projects for which he you know okay helped develop develop develop the distinctive concrete textile - blocks used um like on on on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is it is it is located adjacent to the the the grounds of the Pro so uh Football Hall of of of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football uh so so so Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original original original material like well and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began construction began construction began on widening the highway highway highway in April I mean you know 2008, and in March March March 2009, two lanes of a you know you you you know new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's I mean mean mean you know Gate, is the first town one reaches on on on the Caribbean island like like of Saba after leaving the Juancho Juancho Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University then made 319 all out in um um um I mean their second - innings, setting the Minor Minor Minor Counties a target I mean you know of 362, 362, 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to uh well make make make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it however, it however, it was not until until until November 2, 1988 that an actual like I mean NWA NWA NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on okay okay the the the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who who who left his a okay you know corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they okay okay okay you know believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution prosecution prosecution had okay well not proven that Till had had had died, nor um so that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge sub-judge sub-judge like uh in British India. Because of his father's okay uh uh uh job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every so so so so year from December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog hedgehog hedgehog ranges like like from 30 to 40 days and the litter litter litter size can you know so vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in I mean mean mean okay 1966, and the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an an an intermediate so um - rail, automated guided line -- was opened opened opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was also the second single from that that that album, released I mean okay in June 2001 (see (see (see 2001 in music), with a completely um I I I mean new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an an an abbreviated um I mean version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': Leket': Leket': the two works are I mean I mean mean mean similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne was born on at Rath like you you you know Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the the the grandson so I mean of former slaves, and grew grew grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 20 20 COPE MPs well so had defected to other parties due due due to internal conflict, including I mean um the only only only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello like like Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff so so so so Ward, the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light in light in light of obvious evidence evidence evidence that the Soviets had okay so been preparing defenses defenses defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly so um greatly greatly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a a a statue um uh of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, canal, canal, donated by Patrick well well and Martins 'younger brother, brother, brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded like I mean the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained he obtained he obtained his primary schooling schooling schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical medical medical aspects of um uh Nicaraguan healthcare and in in in the social and economic factors like okay contributing to health, health, health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum septum septum well I mean lacking a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing Helsing Helsing is well well jumping into action through a a a window, showing a woman is okay uh floating in in in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant okay okay okay so was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though though though a large okay um number of other ships were were were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt revolt revolt against okay you know Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among among among the so so major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian like like like like allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in so uh uh uh arachnids such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, Opiliones, Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby um like league league league footballer who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and and and you know I mean 1980s, playing at representative level for for for England, and at well uh club level for Leeds, as as as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina uh um um um that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a when a when a revolutionary tries to drum drum drum up support for I mean like the army approaching approaching approaching despite rain in the north, the so so family longs longs longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; Turkey; Turkey; like so however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total of um um um like anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will okay okay okay um be released later than Tim Vrågård even though though though the okay uh sentences might not change as her her her sentence does not so uh start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, as the Blight uh I mean assumes that that that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms forms forms -- I mean uh when indeed we do have have have it -- is of a higher you know you know know know order than knowledge of the mere physical world, so so so uh and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of of of the you know um Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from from from Koichi Kato, the I mean like man man man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the end of three years of construction construction construction the like like new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is thondavada is thondavada is a historical village in in in Chandragiri okay okay mandal of Chittoor district, Indian Indian Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph Joseph Joseph B um you know. Gachanja, the latter having retired retired retired in 2008 after achieving okay uh the mandatory 55 years years years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in life during the 1970s he taught taught taught Physical well so Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary Secondary Secondary School and okay I mean took up a position position position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr dr dr so okay. U. N. Roy, settled and spent spent spent his life okay okay here carring out researches in in in ancient history. His historical work so like on salabhanjika titled titled titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and well well Literature) Literature) Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property property property you know you know presentation or property styling, the the the techniques have been televised uh okay by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former college college college I mean okay campus are on the National Register Register Register of Historic Places and I mean I mean are maintained maintained maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering Engineering Engineering ( Jim well okay Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), well um builders of the the the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis well you you you know 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east east east Victoria, Australia, well I mean located approximately 45km 45km 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship Worship Worship you know uh doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's the band's the band's studio album, 'Black 'Black 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was okay um um um the second - highest - selling album of that that that year, I mean well and their biggest chart hit hit hit since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De zhu De zhu De became the the the commander of the Eighth Route Army um like like like active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of of of you know um the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM the FM the FM broadcast band is also used used used by some I mean um inexpensive wireless microphones sold as as as toys for karaoke or I mean well similar purposes, purposes, purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of of of Sergipe, Brazil, um you know located in the northeastern part of of of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, globe, globe, and I mean so is an in demand demand demand harmonica and piano teacher in well okay NYC. Yvonnick Yvonnick Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at you you you know uh the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John John John Houseman, like I mean before relocating to Los Angeles, California California California to further pursue her well like career; during during during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la la la Floresta uh so was appointed as Spain's King of of of Arms by King Juan Carlos um I mean mean mean I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this game, game, game, uh I mean and with the scores 1 - 0 0 0 he wrongly sent off you know you know know know Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were like okay enrolled enrolled enrolled in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure uh uh uh you know will be allowed to graduate as Schenley Schenley Schenley alumni until the you know I mean last class class class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre kilometre kilometre - well so long landing field and an apron apron apron with a capacity of I mean uh seven aircraft, aircraft, aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough for you know know know well large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' gene, and okay uh in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance in 'Love 'Love 'Love Letters', where like well he develops a crush on Garnet Garnet Garnet before he was well I mean turned down, down, down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where he so okay directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living while living while living in America, they were contacted contacted contacted by Ner so I mean Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which which which led to him and his family um like like like being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the the the operating I mean so system for malloc and other software software software with its own versions like well which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and well so so so Canadian computer scientist, a professor of computer science well okay okay okay at the University of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after after after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues so so so I mean of Argentine football in 2000, he played for for for four you know I mean different clubs in the regionalised regionalised regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von Neumann studied the properties of the group well okay of of of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the the the um you know class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body the body the body is elongated, spindle spindle spindle - shaped and tapered at okay I mean two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the so so so okay MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated slated slated to you know uh be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was close to retiring from football after being um um um so diagnosed with a serious fault with a heart valve, valve, valve, which cost like like him a chance to to to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and I mean mean mean well there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog dog dog you know well - toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 2 2 I mean okay locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado Mikado Mikado type, inherited from Japan, and like um is coal coal coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable okay uh of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture is a combination combination combination of copper sulfate and uh okay hydrated lime, invented invented invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr (born October 21, 21, 21, 1982) is an American mixed uh like martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' Picture' Picture' so I mean was made, but the only member of of of the band like uh featured was Amos since by then, then, then, unable to withstand okay okay pressure from Atlantic Records Records Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released they released they released the photo book book book Dream & Drive made with their um uh long time time time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who has I mean I mean mean mean also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Cliff Cliff um well Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the the the final so you know was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 2012 2012 like well Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the instead the instead the British government mounted an an an expedition to free um um the captives, which resulted resulted resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during um okay which Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan movement began for the independence independence independence of India, um okay the Indian National Congress was was was supported by many Muslim scholars, like I mean leaders leaders leaders and the learned who were devotees of Indian I mean um um um nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi Delhi Delhi (IGNCA) (Devanagari: you know uh इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला कला कला केन्द्र) is the premier government funded well well arts organization in in in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students so so so you know to earn an M. B. , B. S S S. Degree. Professor U uh I mean Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular within within within the squad okay um and soon receive a a a call - up to the Chinese uh I mean mean mean under - 20 team's squad in July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 1 1 I mean uh In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went went went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland Holland Holland well you know moved on to an NFL coaching coaching coaching career, beginning his okay you know coaching career as a a a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and okay uh uh uh came to live in the New World where they they they I mean um intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy comedy comedy you know okay show at Lowdown At the Albany Albany Albany entitled Chris Neill's you know okay Dirty Kitchen, he he he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner Peak was part part part of a series of so I mean horizontal horizontal horizontal layers, but the strata has been you know okay tilted associated with with with the formation of Artillery Mountains, uh you know and millennia millennia millennia of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only only only goes um okay to the fair, but later on on on that night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area the area the area of Hallville (Now known as as as Hallsville) was you know well first settled when the train train train station was settled okay well around and named after Tyler Tyler Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals the festivals the festivals listed here have been been been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in I mean mean mean so Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born born born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It It It is a so well good day to die die die ') is illustrated with a story so um explaining that' that' that' This is an extremely common Klingon locution, often um uh uh uh uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May May May 1987 used well you know to be a a a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from the well well well well University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on on on which David like okay was born and holds a a a deed is now so like home to a strategic strategic strategic military base, and if David is well you know declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 from 2003 from 2003 to 2013 the the the district included the okay you know heavily African - - - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to decide so so so I mean a course of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield Springfield Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, well well well uh including USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European European European so so Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon Emonzaemon Emonzaemon okay you know who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers suffers suffers so so a nervous breakdown at the car wash wash wash in front well uh of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of of of Ulster (born well like 24 October 1974 in London), is is is the only like you know son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated elevated elevated uh well pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects connects connects the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc uh uh uh uh. , a ,a ,a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has has has 65 real well I mean estate offices and and and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately approximately approximately 16 uh I mean Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is thujone is thujone is most famous for for for being a compound in I mean like the spirit absinthe, and and and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good good good friends so like in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at I mean mean mean uh an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven seven seven you know so goals, which highlighted the main factor between between between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet in 1928, I mean uh and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion indeed, emotion indeed, emotion also consists of physiological physiological physiological components: ultimately there uh well is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy you know I mean of Box Car Racer, as well as as as drummer Atom you know okay Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn Sinn Sinn to form Angels & so okay Airwaves, who were primarily primarily primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released released released like uh a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', Edition', Edition', while also pairing this uh well holiday film with with with 'White Christmas' as part of the um you know know know 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, engineer, engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from from from American University's School well okay of International Service Service Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she received I mean so her Bachelor's Bachelor's Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new Computer Science building at the University of of of Oslo I mean um is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the well you you you know Duke of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become become become the Régent well you know of France for Louis Louis Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director director director David uh you know Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in in in his 2014 thriller 'Gone so um Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - - - turned - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had been in in in okay um the factory for 15 years, yet yet yet in okay you know the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Fokke Fokke Jan okay okay de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last of the nation's 54 reactors went okay okay okay uh offline on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain regain regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath Bath Bath architect okay I mean Thomas Fuller, who would leave England England England in 1845 for Antigua okay uh and then Canada where where where he would go on to I mean mean mean uh design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea came after Pasha and his team team team like I mean at his performance media company Socialist were being being being approached by small so you know business community members and and and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand hand hand with um uh ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic automatic automatic I mean uh milkshake machines which freeze and serve serve serve a premade milkshake well well mixture consisting of of of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is is is an American football I mean you know coach and former former former player who is the offensive line coach well you you you know for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an with an with an impressive 187 assists, assists, assists, Cloud let the A10 in assists um um in a a a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert edward Robert edward Robert Sellstrom was born born born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 July I mean you you you know 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, so so so you know 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey hockey hockey defenceman who okay well is currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the city um um um so of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, city, city, I mean I mean including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Ash, Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is is is currently like so a deputy in the European Parliament, and and and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field test test test you know um agency of the Air Force Special Special Special Operations Command located at uh okay Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost northernmost northernmost you know um in Scotland by only half half half a mile, the distillery has you know you know one wash still still still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later bliss later bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound sound sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show the show the show was created created created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / uh I mean engineer engineer engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all for all for all the hardship the community was was was suffering, Idora Park had some so uh bright The carousel carousel carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, you know like studied anthropology at the University of of of Iowa where he attended um well on an Army ROTC ROTC ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album the album the album was certified gold gold gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) I mean I mean mean mean on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four wall wall wall you know you know stones, two aligned along an an an east - westerly axis well like and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a greater emphasis emphasis emphasis I mean well on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan dr. Saroyan dr. Saroyan and Booth have had had had an intimate / like so romantic relationship in the the the past, but he did want to marry well I I I mean her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was it was it was developed in the the the USA circa 1935 and used I mean like like like as a substitute for Composition B in large general purpose uh uh uh uh and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, well well well uh though this name has fallen out of favour, favour, favour, and well well some biologists feared that this this this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, minted, minted, a I mean okay gold coin called 'Hon' and a a a copper coin called okay like 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south south south of you know you know Inverness, Scotland, off the the the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang Ang Ang Phu um so were unable to return to to to Base Four um uh before dark and were forced forced forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest um um um well for troops among loyal lords, and managed to to to so you know get 500, but overwhelmed by by by the sheer size of so um the Spanish expedition, expedition, expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center uh uh uh uh for the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and and and Matalam well um majority of the commercial establishment are engage engage engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved they moved they moved to Idaho in in in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton Dayton Dayton but after crowned so so All - American American American Superior and Miss Wright State of um um OHIO OHIO OHIO out of high school, she achieved a scholarship like like like well to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song okay um um um by Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth tenth tenth so you know single released to country radio radio radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack and speed stats are good, and its okay okay okay you know special defense is above - average, making so so so you know this a good Normal - type Pokémon, but but but it is easily you know okay overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination nomination nomination of his okay so faction of the Prohibition Party, which which which split over perennial presidential nominee so so Earl Dodge's leadership leadership leadership of the party, believing that he was more more more okay like interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story has been has received substantial media coverage; coverage; coverage; another you know I mean paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' Shine' Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing changing changing her image; um like but, instead of helping her, her, her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension you you you know okay round, which was judged a split split split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he and so so so okay Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author author author Karin I mean I mean Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where where where they settled in a uh uh house on the the the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package uh uh uh like where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the village has a history dating back many many many hundreds I mean uh of years it was greatly transformed transformed transformed in the 19th century I mean like by the Poynder Poynder Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between between between you know you know Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of of of the structures as the section is like you know situated situated situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo Bosiljevo Bosiljevo you know okay 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, uh you you you know Illinois, performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally occasionally occasionally fronting, during well so which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing you you you know so process before the 2006 season, and the organizers organizers organizers were so okay forced to modify the rules for vending vending vending of alcoholic beverages so okay for the 2006 festival season, and and and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 2000 2000 census and was so you know drawn so as to to to balance registered Republicans and registered well like Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril J J J I mean you know. Mockridge; but in scenes involving involving involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon you know um and Stoddard, Stoddard, Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics analytics analytics start well um - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) well well well um is a 2012 American horror film written and and and directed by you know you know Declan O'Brien O'Brien O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 'You Have 'You Have 0 Friends' Friends' Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, well you know and and and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode um um um like was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and and and uh okay became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as as as officers you know um in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve serve serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers Rogers Rogers okay so (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had had had I mean well elevators with a cut - - - out for rudder movement and um uh it had a tailskid tailskid tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels like I mean on on on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from from from Johor um you know Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the the the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a a a species of like okay dogfish shark in the the the family Etmopteridae, common over the uh I mean outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the the the well well factory was turned over to produce munitions munitions munitions and after uh you know hotsilities had ceased there there there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath and and and kept well like a very low profile and, after many many many years, he joined well well the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena Sena Sena and got very close so well to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the the the traditional okay you know Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking speaking speaking uh well they are essentially the same: each noun noun noun (or adjective) is okay okay in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W well you know know know. De Gruyter Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November November November 14, 1970) well well was the head coach of the the the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became an architect and builder of places places places of public okay I mean amusement, doubtless excelling in this this this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Jele, Jele, Roberta Lucca you know I mean and Ric Ric Ric Moore, the core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence Violence Violence campaign, which uh so includes three weeks of drive - - - time interviews with experts uh okay in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw so um um um wide - scale fighting during the first Battle Battle Battle of I mean I mean Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry well uh uh uh that Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the I I I mean well items, and Jay believes he will also be be be implicated, uh you know which he is, as a result result result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 in 1974 in 1974 the environmental consequences of of of the higher exports were uh well recognized in the Mono Mono Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a uh like series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted Gifted Gifted uh uh & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is is is a rare species like well of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and cormac and cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, band, band, along with bassist you know okay Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban Biosphere okay you know Reserve is the administrative head head head of the park at so like the local level and is is is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government government government or I mean like going overseas especially to the Middle Middle Middle East and uh you know Europe, dependence on on on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, Patel, Patel, and by this you know uh marriage she had one one one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish uh so so so in New York City and was designated a landmark you you you know you know by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw as as as too I mean um theoretical and he was was was generally on bad terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half half half well uh of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) not) not) I mean um became flustered when the aircraft aircraft aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the stink bomb uh like that that that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do okay okay okay so not take account of factors such as soil structure well well well like or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved proved proved ready like like to challenge for the European Cup, Cup, Cup, eliminating teams like Anderlecht you know like and Steaua Bucureşti as as as they reached their sixth European uh uh Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public the public the public school team name is the the the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have have have as much you know like as one - third of the floor floor floor space of the like you know floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is glickenhaus is glickenhaus is also well known known known in automotive circles so like as an avid collector of former former former racing vehicles, and like I mean his coachbuilt Ferrari P4 P4 P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German uh uh uh um basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and and and like uh new Dakota pilots received only ad - - - hoc instruction on the uh uh type while serving serving serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; veteran pilots you know know know well generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth dido Elizabeth dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family already owned burial plots in the uh um cemetery, cemetery, cemetery, but a grander destination was planned for the so well deceased deceased deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers you you you know so from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second so so so well season at Everton where he was regularly used like like like okay as back up for new signing James Beattie Beattie Beattie in like I mean January 2006, it was announced that that that Bent had signed okay you know for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved involved involved in so so the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, mammals, mammals, and its um well role in the brain is is is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the the the Upper um like Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Country Country Club in like uh Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club Club Club in Carmel, you know so Indiana, and Bellerive Country Club in in in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on I I I mean so the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen sixteen sixteen when you know like he first linked up with with with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to well well well like instantly jump to that location; however, the mini-map does not not not okay you know initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards Edwards Edwards like you know who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared I mean mean mean uh with the 1973 versions due to the newly newly newly required 5 well uh - mph absorbing front front front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve you you you know uh realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that that that a majority of like uh the population, who arguably subscribe subscribe subscribe to naïve common sense notions like uh of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with with with the I mean um best hand against the last last last player, but gets so I mean rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was the first son of John II and and and Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. John B. John B. Ridpath (; born born born 1936 ) is a you know uh Canadian Objectivist intellectual intellectual intellectual historian and retired associate professor of uh well economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs dogs dogs you know like used by Native Siberians at the time; the the the breed came to you know well be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, you know know know okay L2TP / IPSec and OpenVPN, additional features include include include DNS okay okay leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the during the during the Second World War, on the 21 21 21 May 1940, you know well the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the the the 'Émile - Bertin', well um departed from Brest with with with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which well okay okay okay Vader learns that Leia is Luke's twin sister sister sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS well well well like the single was named the most played song on on on okay so Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) 2012) 2012) graduated like like from a military academy and fled fled fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, you know know know um and is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's JPR's JPR's so well 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an an an extra uh I mean one, then realizes his mistake, but but but Ed says no, I mean you know that Drew Drew Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also um like like like reached number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign well I I I mean but later gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 (300 (300 you know okay pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare you you you know so notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City the City the City of Sumter holds the the the distinction of like okay being the first to adopt the the the council - manager form so you know of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for for for like well the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the the the Central Hockey I mean um League (CHL), and was was was recognized for his on and um uh off - ice ice ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer um um um so standard and like its sister specification (DVB - - - H) well well uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set set set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has tMC has tMC has a medical staff of of of over 1, 000 physicians well you know complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median the median the median income for a household household household in the well well city is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based based based I mean I mean on cooperation on many issues in in in international forums, a strong so I mean commitment to to to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in well well well I mean the middle of the performing area because um um um so such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run run run um so by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth I I I mean like Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, I mean okay and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was was was secretary I mean like of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 1901 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size so you you you know by splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery okay like like like County was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had well so aggregate aggregate aggregate assets under management of approximately US $ uh uh uh okay 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the um um um you know original arc was about Jane Doe's inner inner inner life, struggling like uh to get out of of of the situation she is trapped in, noting that I I I mean uh the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had russia had russia had taken the the the fortress of Kars from the Turks like um during the the the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when it like like like okay was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, Oblast, Oblast, and it okay um now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting well well well okay in 1957, which later moved its city of of of license okay well and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April he stretch out to a mile mile mile and I mean so one eighth and finished second again, again, again, this time to like so Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel Colonel Colonel of the well uh 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during during during the so you know 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 'U402 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced you know know know so by the Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing departing departing the depot uh I mean travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN uh uh uh um center in Atlanta to support the the the Palestinian people you know um and call for the the the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo the Golfo the Golfo Azzurro is is is a ship used by the so uh Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Society Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is um um um I mean a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active okay okay okay so between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most Joints Joints Joints well okay rolled in one minute is actually a a a 15 year old boy you know uh called Sam Sam Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of the the the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 like like like well census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial like like like so Workers of the World miners' strike which like like like so led to over 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and mahl and mahl and Knittel were later convicted convicted convicted of war so um crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he gets gets gets the uh well courage to ask if he can see see see her again and it well like is revealed revealed revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song the song the song has also also also been covered by 'Rockgrass' okay okay band Hayseed Dixie, a a a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air pollution pollution pollution um you know until she left the school in in in 1977, becoming more interested well like in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as okay I I I mean well as several high ranking Northern army officers; by by by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured featured featured okay so on the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Disturbing Disturbing like well Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music is also also also featured uh so in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade okay okay okay uh journal, 'Dog Fancier' contained notes and display ads ads ads from McEvoy like um and Aldrich offering their dogs dogs dogs for sale and in you know you know 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The The The Great War, August I mean so 1914 she arrived back back back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's like like like um favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record of their physical nature has survived except except except you know you know in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for for for the I mean I mean Persian Gulf in support support support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert uh okay Storm Storm Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and and and um well farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved reserved reserved for okay so Natives under the terms of of of the Crown - in - right so so - of of of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping rights are so um um um reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn they learn they learn in the cave cave cave that the dragons answer so um to an an an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control control control um okay all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan I mean mean mean well Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought brought brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan so uh Airport, was a domestic and international international international airport serving Bangalore, Karnataka, well okay India, however it is is is now a defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture of the I I I mean you know Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty fifty fifty surviving English churches are of so okay Anglo - - - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required required required as well I mean a Weatherman, did put a bit bit bit of a strain on I mean so her relationship with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, in flashback, in flashback, it is shown that that that he was you know I mean part of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and uh uh uh okay is based in the village of Pinkney you know know know okay near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will it will it will premiere on February February February 28, 2011 and be uh um simulcast in 3DTV 3DTV 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first okay uh uh uh broadcast in January 2006 and consisted of 13 13 13 episodes, hosted okay um by A. J. Benza and and and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets all jackets all jackets are made made made of 100 % cotton waterproof like um outer - shell shell shell and 100 % down proof nylon well so lining, lining, lining, and are down - filled with Ukrainian grey grey grey duck and well so with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and well well well so sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took over the editorial desk of of of 'The Friend' in 1887, uh well and while some believed believed believed he used it to pursue his I mean uh uh uh political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist artist artist from the okay okay Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she she she is best known for well okay her work work work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area area area across well you know the international border in the the the United States, and therefore like uh is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media in uh uh uh so 1986 when he created a new society to so so so you know invite the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Glenn Glenn Babb okay like after the International Law Society had had had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and and and early I mean uh 20th centuries, when Southern states changed changed changed their constitutions and uh uh electoral rules to to to disfranchise blacks and, having regained I mean so political political political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 he was presented with the Smith Smith Smith - okay so Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, Teaching, Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to to to community you know I mean development, allowing cocoa farmers farmers farmers to increase product quality, like um build infrastructure, train workers, bring bring bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and assess assess assess um I mean sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, um um um I mean although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron 28 28 28 Squadron 28 Squadron was um well transferred to Italy and and and most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the you know know know you know meeting place for young artists but but but by the end um well of the war the the the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited well um States and and and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm 40pm 40pm on I mean uh the westbound carriageway of the A14 A14 A14 between I mean like Girton and Histon an accident accident accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in uh uh uh okay 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with with with I mean like his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, relegated, relegated, however, Tiatto okay like performed well for the the the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy deploy deploy well you know to a remote field in Belgium Belgium Belgium designated 'Y okay okay - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is an an an you know um Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom intended uh you know to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was was was released in you know um Fall 1985, and details details details Ayla's personal growth as she learns um you know to to to cope with a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the despite the despite the fact that it is sometimes sometimes sometimes called the otaheite like you know cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is is is not related to cashew -- an well like important distinction distinction distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) um you you you know may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by so so so I mean him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury and in in in 1921 okay you know he became Principal Private Secretary Secretary Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new the new the new features include an an an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in okay um um um order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets trainsets trainsets so uh which, along with the 2 extra passing passing passing loops, will well uh double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts Arts Arts in like uh Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 1891 1891 and 1901 and okay you know was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) художника) художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives incentives incentives okay well to replenish their forests, large demands for for for paper lead to large well okay forests, forests, forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still still still Chinese miners that like I mean continued to work work work in the American Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green aGreen aGreen - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from from from the plane you know so of Zendikar that uses uses uses the raw energy of her own so so plane plane plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and like like like like were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO LVO LVO so well (18 April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) 2007) 2007) was the uh uh second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album the album the album was produced and arranged arranged arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, like um The Riddim Tracks were were were recorded at Channel well so One and played played played by The Roots Radics Band, uh you know All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete complete complete three like um 4 - credit liberal arts courses at at at Harvard like okay with at least a B B B grade, and maintain a minimum 3 you know um um um. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de de de Ávila, Cuba) is a you know um Cuban - - - American actress best known for her portrayal uh well well well of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC NBC NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people um um um so and there was widespread sadness at his death; he was was was a so um popular player with both cricketers and spectators spectators spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore mineral ore mineral ore could now be brought relatively relatively relatively conveniently to I mean uh market; this not not not only brought about transfer of the you know know know you know transportation from other routes to the the the canal, but it encouraged so so further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented okay okay okay you know the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 22, 22, 450 you know you know families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having having having a sum assured of okay like Rs. 50, 000 000 000 50, 000 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to to to Whitesboro, um so Texas, he chose to remain remain in in in Indian Territory, so like where he supported himself by by by working a variety of odd like so jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the son um um um I mean of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a with a with a guard's compartment in in in the centre and two well you know large areas either side side side for storing luggage they were well so a very versatile versatile versatile type of coach and could I mean mean mean well be found all over the British Railways network network network you know like and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly okay um um um suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich like like like like from the 1970s and early 1980s of the the the same well okay name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to to to the you know um British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust the exhaust the exhaust exited through vectoring vectoring vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 1992 1992 at Jefferson you know okay City Correctional Correctional Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse okay okay okay uh meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to prior to prior to August 19, 2006, 2006, 2006, the exam was a well like paper - and and and - pencil test; since January 27, 2007, okay you know know know however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and food and food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured he toured he toured with Dead Dead Dead Can Dance in the nineties I mean I mean but since since since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section um um um um between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to well well well so the United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was was was the most so I mean famous, after being fired fired fired from the Our Gang series Harry okay so Lucenay retired retired retired Pete to Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit Unit Unit you know I mean RAF, the site was renamed renamed renamed St George'sBarracks and went on like okay to become the the the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is it is it is known for for for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, together with okay okay okay okay the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, Montclair, Montclair, you know I mean New Jersey) is an American actress best best best known like like for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor the Pancor the Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic automatic automatic and thus classified as a so so machine gun gun gun by the United States and are regulated as as as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native anative anative of the United Kingdom, Payne has has has so like long been an outspoken critic of bans bans bans on well so online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the the the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was it was it was concluded that this this this crash was a type like so known as C. F F F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) like so and that there there there were no defects with the aircraft or its I I I mean so systems which contributed to the crash, for this this this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' okay okay okay uh in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the the the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Mohamed A. Mohamed A. Omaar is the the the elder son of Abdullahi you know okay Omaar the famous elder elder elder and businesman, he was born in okay well Hargaisa in in in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time in in in WWE under the well so ring name Simon Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, where he held the NXT Tag you know um um um Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving after moving after moving to Melbourne, Australia to to to teach Traditional Wing um so Chun professionally in 1973, 1973, 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport Airport Airport was okay I mean closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her you you you know um work as Editor - in - Chief Chief Chief on 'Strange uh okay Horizons', and the magazine itself itself itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second Second Second well uh League in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, Auguast, Auguast, 1848) was a so uh businessman, office holder, justice of of of the peace, and politician born in Halifax, Nova um you you you know Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor Governor Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam john Adam john Adam Belushi (; January January January 24, 1949 -- March like so 5, 1982 ) was an an an American comedian, actor, and I mean uh uh uh musician, best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA MA MA okay I mean and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 1963 1963 and 1972 respectively, okay you know returning to Canada Canada Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, well well well well Florida and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, novel, novel, but I mean like in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is is is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track cycling event consists of a single race race race in well so which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was located about two miles southeast of present okay like like like - day town of Marshfield and was the site site site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in macbeth in macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper Staatsoper Staatsoper at September uh uh 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign in foreign in foreign policy, Fillmore supported U U U. S. Naval expeditions to well I mean open open open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, so so so you know and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority also sought to help control flooding on on on the lower well you know Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath aftermath aftermath of the Ohio River flood I mean um of 1937, 1937, 1937, as research had shown that 4 % so uh uh uh of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she like like like I mean was too embarrassed to be seen with him, him, him, and well um this incident went on to mar his his his first day at like you know the school where where where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created you you you know okay by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they they they um like spend public money this is why democratic governments governments governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew well like like like up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF um so Douglas Douglas Douglas A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four four four machine guns I mean well in their their their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development Development Development like you know Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC BIOTEC BIOTEC became one so so of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging duties were moved to the new new new perch, previously uh okay they were done from a small small small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B B B. A you know I mean. From Boston College, College, College, started working as a bond okay okay trader at at at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve the reserve the reserve includes a trail trail trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges and okay like is home to to to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used she used she used it to burst out out out of the tanker, destroying okay you know any White Whale members members members that were near, and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 d. (1866 d. (1866 -) -) -) was an American so well Latin scholar, born at at at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated at I mean uh Harvard Harvard Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the driver's door you you you know you know and no cold steel up a driver's leg leg leg well I mean but the petrol tank was in the scuttle scuttle scuttle and well I mean its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is not acceptable to delete information from an article article article I mean I mean because it spoils the the the plot if that would interfere with, so okay encyclopedic encyclopedic encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is is is thinner than uh uh that of the gums, is is is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 20 20 arrests you know you know and convictions and, in January 1909, 1909, 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian Canadian Canadian Adult Contemporary Chart, like uh and was a top 10 hit in in in Denmark, uh well Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where where where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell wins and and and a so okay photo finish photograph is taken taken taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson al Wilson al Wilson finally won the the the Schenley award for Most uh I mean Outstanding Offensive Lineman and and and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in San Francisco, Francisco, Francisco, um I mean California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears this appears this appears fairly fairly fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in uh you you you know 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock Rock' um you know and later included in King's King's King's collection 'Nightmares & I mean like Dreamscapes', concerning concerning concerning a young couple on a road trip you know know know you know in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves her life to manage day - to you you you know um - day tasks in the house, and be a a a 24 okay so hour personal - companion to whatever whatever whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands demands demands food and the uh uh police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) California) California) I mean um is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, adopted, adopted, which well um echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius Vilnius Vilnius was the well well permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in so I mean mean mean 1791, surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of of of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story um um um so structure set into the hill, with a frame you know know know uh board and batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called called called from uh you know a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ XEQ XEQ function, that I mean like appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew you you you know so from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss rebecca's boss rebecca's boss is replaced yet yet yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to to to like well a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners prisoners prisoners I mean um are free to leave through the one one one available exit - you know okay the front door door door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I finally, I finally, I got my first first first computer when I was uh uh 7, a a a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two you know know know well and an half years later I got got got a toshiba like like satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original the original the original mission duration was to to to be only three I mean okay years, but in in in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen Bergensavisen Bergensavisen BA, I mean so a post he has has has held since 1984, and was chairman well well of of of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with uh uh uh you know writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Emperor Emperor Mommu and um you know daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife wife wife and later I mean uh Empress Empress Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and so uh Empress Empress Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial the initial the initial route was was was to run from Chattanooga to a spot okay you know called simply simply simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, which which which well you know would eventually be linked to the the the Georgia Railroad from Augusta and you know I mean mean mean the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books books books so well published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a a a Republican you know you know State Representative Representative Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move move move for Altria, as so I mean although Marlboro is is is by far the most popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive the Executive the Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, Cohn, Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School School School so well of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films films films so like in some theaters, and they can be used used used to present 3D so you know images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation gradation gradation um you know in Finnish as purely an issue issue issue of um you know syllable structure is that the the the language has undergone various um well phonetic changes due due due to which not all weak well okay grades occur in in in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of um um um I mean DNA that is associated with a a a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to prior to prior to his appointment as as as the Secretary of the Department of well well Health, Flavier Flavier Flavier went to serve village folk in Nueva okay I I I mean Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted entrusted entrusted by the I mean you know engineer Maggi, and and and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be uh uh uh well sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not not not harmful, do not you know okay require treatment, and have have have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated to to to St Peter I mean like and described as the Church of of of Westleigh in so well Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary Mary Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter um um um you know of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring mirroring mirroring uh uh her most well - known role - although they they they well uh also speculate she was not a gang member member member herself, so well rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its stories were were were partly so so based on real people and events, events, events, and several years passed so well before it was was was adapted from a play performed by well I mean mean mean the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this uh uh small small small forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC family of profiles profiles profiles um uh hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for low you you you know uh - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first the first the first Bentley capable of running on on on both petrol (gasoline) so like and biofuel (E85 ethanol), ethanol), ethanol), its 6. 0 litre 0litre 0litre W12 um uh uh uh engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and I mean mean mean like at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin as Austin as Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr Dr Dr. Evil gives him okay you know a choice: save save save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main the main the main problem was proof of of of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located located located on I mean well the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was was was a um I mean teenager and had consensual sex with with with her as an adult. As Susan as Susan as Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre centre centre in so so 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and and and by 1994 okay um started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel Park is a public park park park in Earley, well well a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham um um Road was given given given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong okay I I I mean Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his father's death in 1945, and after after after extensive consultation well I mean with a number of Shanghai's Shanghai's Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts well uh and philatelic literature collectors, he compiled compiled compiled and supplemented his well like father's original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, which describes the speaker's desire to to to so like retreat from other people to the the the ocean, is among you know okay the most famous famous famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of because of because of fear to be delivered delivered delivered to Sowjetunion like well Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P is also a character in the the the video um like game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson the grandson the grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the the the last lord of Owari um uh han, he served as as as chamberlain during World War II uh you know. Yoshihiro was was was famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's you you you know like surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor you know know know um Orelas, telling him of the burnt train containing the the the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii you know um um um on a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned earned earned uh I mean a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can it can it can be easier to lose lose lose than a flying disc, especially um so over long long long distances: its low profile can make it hard you you you know you know to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon Disciple, Disciple, Disciple, Shifter, I mean okay and Weapon Master; and other new new new features such as the so like ability to hire hire hire two henchman at once and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in however, in however, in the end McDuff opted to to to use a you know uh piece of broomstick from his his his car, he choked Sullivan, so okay and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received received received an I mean um offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off you know know know you know the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 the 2008 the 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, Tournament, Tournament, a part of you know so the 2007 - 08 NCAA NCAA NCAA Division I you know okay men's basketball season, took place place place on March 5, 2008 as so well a single - elimination tournament, with with with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - okay um Tupelo Tupelo Tupelo - West Point market will move to the so well of of of WTVA; before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among well well well um rocky debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and and and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the aforementioned aforementioned aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared declared declared I mean you know the spire unsafe and dangerous dangerous dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the you you you know I mean player. He also captured captured captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite in spite in spite of that Russian Russian Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was planned so uh to be be be presentation of the CD, release date was deelayed so you know know know up to the May, 2006, because of the negotiatations you you you know okay with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently recently recently completed you know uh an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube YouTube YouTube playing um uh bass guitar and session work, work, work, performing with Grammy Award - um you know winning R&B R&B R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything you know know know um Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He you know know know um most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core CA CA CA like I mean tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Humanitarian Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security issues for for for well I mean the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which which which he founded in March um I mean 1995, with dozens of of of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a German well well well like guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they ultimately, they ultimately, they came to the the the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice well like was going to do do do something 'too glossy' and okay like wanted to to to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) you you you know well was an American lawyer and and and politician who was well well New York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the the the default so uh file system of OS X, HFS HFS HFS Plus, saying it um like is 'probably the the the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / so so so uh Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, director, director, um so Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released released released um okay in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again like I I I mean invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest Fest Fest. In December, you know like however, the members announced on on on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was okay okay okay so held in 2009; it was canceled twice due I I I mean okay to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG you you you know I mean TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, 2000, 2000, was created you know so by merging the Directorate Directorate Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee is is is a Swedish - based coffee like you know - house house house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that at that at that time time time the Department of Defence was of relatively little you you you know okay consequence in the Commonwealth government; each each each service (Navy, like I mean Army and and and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident um I I I mean ever to take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is is is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest oldest oldest um like summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in in in like so 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named named named like um to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned owned owned subsidiary in uh uh 1974, and on completion of of of the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and moved moved moved um uh to Canada, but he died of of of cancer and she like you know returned to to to Britain and obtained a post at like well the the the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his in his in his second season, he alternated between between between the midfield and I mean like forward line, and with with with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - um um um so 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his his his album 'Yours like uh Truly' and in 2006, the the the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species were were were hunted um like to extinction within the first year year year and these uh you know predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity opportunity opportunity to like I mean spend the day drinking in in in the local pub. As a um so result, the the the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a a a nonprofit you know you know 501 (c) (3) organization organization organization that has a Board of like um Directors, corps corps corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a well um um um liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been you know know know okay shown to affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that well I I I mean true features would last longer (this is the the the meaning you know so of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich Zurich Zurich well um and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - - - you know well Hungary in 1918, the county continued to to to exist in Czechoslovakia, so okay but it was abolished abolished abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, well um um um publishing a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor ejected ejected ejected I mean like by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and and and I mean okay often referred to simply as Paramount) Paramount) Paramount) is an American okay so film studio based in Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung han Jung han Jung - soo soo soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in uh I I I mean Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for for for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse than the the the you know um titanic, so he worked with a a a Dallas company to develop the ICEE like like like so machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals animals animals in um okay the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, so um hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian empire, concluded a well um voluntary confederation with the chiefs chiefs chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also also also uh um had some roles in mainstream film and television, including including including guest like um appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is there is there is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming stemming stemming from I mean well a cruel remark Stephen has has has overheard Mulligan making about his recently okay well deceased mother and and and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in in in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was it was it was Garlan that dressed in in in Lord Renly's okay you know armor during the the the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight like like like like of what seemed to be a dead man leading leading leading the I mean so Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the backing of the occupying French, well so Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies as son son son of I mean you know a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, okay like like like Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link to to to Atlanta, I mean um which connected to the the the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but okay okay okay well everything else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran ran ran on I mean okay a 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word the word the word 'story' may be be be used as a synonym of you know okay 'narrative', 'narrative', 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott Scott Scott Stevens, so um and Get Ready For This by by by 2 Unlimited is used like like as the game's main main main theme (for the PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear um okay okay okay that she's the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless fearless fearless and um you know has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV MCTV MCTV 15) um I mean is a small Public Public Public - access television cable TV I mean uh station, founded founded founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was previously um um um I mean convicted of four counts of risk risk risk of injury to I mean well a minor, or impairing impairing impairing the morals of a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked out on their wedding, and she currently currently currently okay uh is single and holds intense anger towards towards towards Richard for ruining their you know um wedding, wedding, wedding, and also became furious to learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated so so so uh for wounds inflicted during battle and and and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon like like like well Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long study of of of what like um he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to to to avoid fighting like okay in the Trojan War, disguising disguising disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and um um um um is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - hFC - hFC - 227ea contains no no no chlorine or bromine atoms, uh um presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark - recapture recapture recapture data is trending towards a okay so more integrative approach, approach, approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of of of brands you know I mean ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Nakshatra, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area code code code for I mean like the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; area; area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by by by Ghanaian um like DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the the the development well I mean of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James James James okay I mean Hamilton was born; he went on on on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in uh like like like Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first first first presented to Ohio State's well well Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 1955 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing while writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he he he was working um so on the screenplay for the the the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; well um 'The Collector' Collector' Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, following following following the um um death of his father earlier that that that year, and like okay debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted as noted as noted above, his former former former fiancée Garbo lobbied for Gilbert so I mean to co-star co-star co-star with her, and he received a um like new new new seven - year contract with MGM as a so so so you know result, but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said said said you know well he would have urged Gaines to include include include advertising, which uh so may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus indicates you know I mean that the Roman institution institution institution of slavery began with Romulus um like giving Roman Roman Roman fathers the right to sell their own okay like like like children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, Arizona, Arizona, and so like attended the University of Arizona State, where where where she well uh was the starting pitcher her freshman freshman freshman year and helped so so to lead the Sun Sun Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main the main the main transmitter is now located on on on the ridge between uh uh Cullowhee and Waynesville, while while while there is a construction I mean uh permit for for for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee okay okay okay okay itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the at the at the age of 13 he he he read Thomas's Elpis Israel and was um I mean mean mean subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age of of of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to um um um um live with her Uncle and his two wives (New (New (New well I mean Aunt and Old Aunt) and never never never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to according to according to Mnaseas, again cited cited cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme I mean I mean on on on a journey back from Asia, and had had had the island Syme named so I mean mean mean after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been been been I mean okay new browsers coming onto the the the scence, many of these like you know are open source source source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar or or or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located located located you know like on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in in in honour of um okay the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to finish in in in like like 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York York York Athletic okay like Club and focused on making the Olympic Olympic Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 like like like like Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that that that I mean okay year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general in general in general it avoids human contact, contact, contact, but one so uh fatality is reported from a bite bite bite in 1983 when a you know so Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction of I mean like the venue was started, new side sectors with with with roof like um covers were built and the media sectors were were were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to to to well I mean dive into the exciting and ever - - - changing uh well world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which which which I mean so time it was discovered that in addition to to to his overspending, um I mean Shepherd had given preference to to to neighborhoods and areas of so um the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the the the quarter like um - final match against Denmark; Denmark; Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd so like would miss the the the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch was completed in May 1900 but I mean mean mean so by 1911, another line diverted traffic once served okay um by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and and and like uh is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by produced by produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar Marar Marar jointly under their well well banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works Works Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. In association uh uh uh you know with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at unlike at unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier carrier carrier force achieved surprise and um so Japanese air air air forces could not muster a counter-attack, the enemy like well well well knew that the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was then sold by Gompers to the the the American okay um War Mothers, also known as the the the Gold Star Mothers because you know uh their display display display of a flag with a blue star for so um um um a son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to like like like well use him in a plot to conquer conquer conquer the Savage Land; uh uh after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Gwen Gwen Stacy from a camp so uh in the the the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St St St Elizabeth's well you know Anglican Church is an Anglican Church Church Church within the Diocese you know so of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had been rapidly rapidly rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various senior you know like posts posts posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and well well he he he is amazed by her broken spirit and whatever whatever whatever he so uh does to torture her does not not not demoralise her as I mean well she is is is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History okay okay okay so and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a a a box - okay you know section chassis with torsion torsion torsion - bar suspension on all wheels (independent uh so at at at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first the first the first export Hawk 50 flew flew flew on 17 May 1976, you know uh this variant variant variant had been specifically designed for the dual um um um um - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; trainer; trainer; well you know it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the the the ground like I mean move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, you know know know so it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one one one well uh of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands bands bands in the 1990s, and well okay also collaborated with Stephen Fearing Fearing Fearing and well well Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the during the during the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies movies movies and um um television, and in the early 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading cascading cascading series well you know of shut downs and a major regional regional regional blackout, such I mean like as occurred in the the the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, uh okay 1977, 2003, 2003, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay napa Gamay napa Gamay is not related to the the the famous Gamay of Beaujolais, uh uh and the the the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed gM believed gM believed in the standardization standardization standardization of its products, that uh um were sold to either either either individuals or to the corporations well so of an entire industry, industry, industry, while the railroads at the time, uh um still had a a a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local so so so so preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention Convention Convention uh so and it considered grievances against British rule rule rule and the I mean okay 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it it it um so can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse well well well you know of power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting resulting resulting like so in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather people gather people gather at tea houses to to to chat, socialize, I mean so and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of of of H. Neel and Vonda you know um B B B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the so so so so east coast of the United States and in in in The Hague, I mean well Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service freight service freight service on the the the Gladstone Branch is limited, but uh so there is some, some, some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual once well well well well a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have have have I mean you know been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) uh I I I mean is an American singer - songwriter who is is is best uh like known for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included it included it included the entire party and and and many of the fruit vendors like okay. Several people several several several people several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was formed during several episodes of quaternary quaternary quaternary glaciation I mean like when sea levels were much much much lower - the analysis of okay um stalactites found in in in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher joseph Christopher joseph Christopher Carter (born (born (born March 7, 1960) is a former so well well well outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet so uh Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late late late 60s the model line uh so evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by by by her um so stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Albanian Albanian Actress, often cited for like okay her striking striking striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the the the well uh design of an internal combustion engine which in in in uh well one embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central central central linkage okay okay mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are are are like you know associated with fetal anomalies that impairs impairs impairs the ability of so well the fetus to swallow swallow swallow (because the fetus normally um okay swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex I I I mean um Humbard purchased the building as part of a a a nondenominational Bible college, I mean um then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by by by I mean so cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity 'masculinity 'masculinity versus feminity' I mean well as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract contract contract with um like RCA Records Nashville that year; between between between 1986 and 1990, um um they would record three three three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, 1807, 1807, the so well first published journal from the expedition; expedition; expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys 'Cuscomys 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a um so large species of South South South American chinchilla rats, known from remains found okay uh in in in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed acting I I I mean like under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and and and that I mean I mean the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) planned) planned) alibi was, in hindsight, uh well an ironic stroke stroke stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, like like like well Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical journey started very early in life well well well uh as both started singing at Sunday school and through basic basic basic you know okay education and also performing in various high high high schools and participating um well at occasions in their birth birth birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast like like like um and passes through the northern part of the city city city I mean well of Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis were then bodied by coach - um um builders such such such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with with with um uh the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will will will be indefinitely postponing so uh the recording of another LP, LP, LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - 122 were used in numerous um so battles battles battles on the Eastern Front including Battle of I mean well Kursk Kursk Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they also took part in you know know know you know recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the like okay city city city itself - by the early 1960s the population like you know know know exceeded the 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than than than like you know the pre-World War II population), and by 1970 1970 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and and and well well Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in in in January 1941; and okay you know she won their release, release, release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, he played for for for the Lake Elsinore Storm um you know know know of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - season season season so I mean club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established established established notions and I mean okay hierarchies in Japan from from from its earliest years when well so Makiguchi questioned the imperial system system system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was so so so you know caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia the Virginia the Virginia classics are a traveling traveling traveling softball team in the like so Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American American American like you know professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- like like like like 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive uh uh uh um 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by by by well um injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in a a a um you know trashed - hotel - room incident; incident; incident; he and two members uh okay of Selena y y y Los Dinos were intoxicated and okay like began wrestling in in in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price guide; guide; guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred um um um um Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building building building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive males arrive males arrive earlier than females at at at breeding sites to well so establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County Hall is a 16 - storey office so well well well block owned by Cork County Council and housing so well its its its administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific specific specific so like multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the the the implications okay well of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship relationship relationship uh okay with Carol, as she believes she has has has the perfect relationship okay you know with him and and and reveals that she is imitating her life as as as so um chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara Tara Tara okay you know scrambles for her pain pills pills pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts um like her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down so okay okay okay and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced forced forced an automatic uh like shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 well well well uh kind of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements various elements various elements and obstacles are are are introduced as one moves well so on to new levels, levels, levels, which means that the complexity and okay like like like level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in in in uh okay 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority of victims seeking advice are female and and and aged between 18 like um and 23; it can can can have harmful effects on a like like girl's girl's girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - um okay setting setting setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt you know know know uh and turf that today are Grade Grade Grade 1 events and in so like the U. S. Triple Crown Crown Crown series, finished second okay uh in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a number number number um so of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction conviction conviction was criminal so uh damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following season he went on to play twentyone twentyone twentyone okay uh games, scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales okay okay okay okay club before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to to to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape tape tape okay um or card and separate input to a repetitive, repetitive, repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic so so so like district in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is it is it is easy to get involved involved involved in the fiesta even not like so knowing the the the language and to live the Carnival and and and on like like Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up fights, then then then faced um like contender Oba Carr in February February February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she she she you know uh founded and was president of the Michigan Michigan Michigan Parks Association, you know you know a group group group that was instrumental in passing a 100 million okay okay dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from uh uh uh um Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by by by multiple Native um um American cultures, with the the the style of pipe, materials smoked, I mean you know and and and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was it was it was built in in in 1837 and closed down ten years later, uh so so so but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she she she uh I mean began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have a okay I I I mean clear cause but is believed to be be be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali like like Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described by um um um I mean Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 1904 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', uh like though was widely known known known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', uh patouillardii', uh patouillardii', uh uh uh okay named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as I mean mean mean so being 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation I I I mean you know deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage lineage lineage so like among the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood you know I mean of Dundalk, Maryland) was a a a running back with okay so a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in in in well you know Philadelphia, then joined a United United United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in okay well well well Portugal, where her parents decided to separate; she and and and um uh her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from from from 24 well okay October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française Française Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the the the larger, okay like ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture you you you know um with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of of of Wisconsin um I mean Colleges, is a two - - - year campus of the I mean okay University of Wisconsin System System System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, historians, historians, um you know as well as interested laymen, and posthumously posthumously posthumously continues to I mean well do so through his famous three three three - volume 'History um uh of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, in 1947, in 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described described described the three periods after examining shell mounds okay well well well on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern - day day day Naples, you know okay and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning learning learning like okay approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - - - on activities, projects, cases, so you know internet - based interaction, etc etc etc. These should these should these should be accessible I mean mean mean uh to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical philosophical philosophical um I mean basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received they received they received an at - large large large bid in the so I mean 2011 NCAA Men's Division I I I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries to return back to the camp from from from like I mean the battle but takes long time to to to reach as he okay uh forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, the you you you know well allied forces faced him on the the the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's largest largest largest ship okay so management companies operated in Monaco and and and is the current I mean well Operator of the the the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, major mistakes, major mistakes, such as as as a rider going off - I mean I mean mean mean pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' score,' score,' okay um which prevents the horse from earning any any any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the the the system's well uh computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently ray inadvertently ray inadvertently recalls a beloved beloved beloved corporate mascot from his childhood -- um you know 'something 'something 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' -- and like like like you know the destructor arrives in the form of a a a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and and and um um perform on stage ever again, after this the the the song um um went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore millenia Singapore millenia Singapore is a a a commercial and business area like you know in the the the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was he was he was allowed to to to return to South Africa in uh so 1919, to the the the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had um so built some some some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked okay well well well the third attempt; the resulting great field position led led led to well uh Iowa taking the lead, breaking a a a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew okay well that that that the gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim aim aim you know you know was to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland Matabeleland Matabeleland all along, and well you know after that and and and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd 33rd 33rd championship I mean okay game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as as as um you know a marble - topped bar counter, counter, counter, and altogether 50 I mean um different types of marble marble marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian um uh pilasters supporting the the the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, delegation, delegation, well well and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in later in later in the same year year year he purchased the 'Herald & like uh Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and and and was a delegate to I mean like the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to to to as like uh the most popular warrior among the Early Early Early Pandyas, winning okay like a battle at Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known known known as The well um Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief relief relief worker um uh Gertude Athony observed the nearby village village village of Kadıköy being systematically okay so looted and its its its residents as well as those okay I mean from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American I I I mean so actress and voice actress who is best best best known as um you know the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
