2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging foveated imaging foveated imaging foveated imaging is is is is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of so like well well well well digital image processing in which the image resolution, or you you you you know like um amount of detail, varies across the image image image image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision decision decision decision um so um - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, understanding, understanding, understanding, or mental model, of like you know well well well well a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being being being being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, Rei, Rei, Rei, Minas uh well uh Gerais, on 1 May 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, by Order of Friars Minor uh like like and and and and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Arms Arms Arms Park and uh so well St Helens, returning to to to to Cardiff Arms Park for well so you know the 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the you know you you you you know so 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by by by by well I mean um equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, ivan Reitman, ivan Reitman, ivan Reitman, OC (born (born (born (born October 27, 1946) is like uh well a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered covered covered covered by I mean well well two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic um um um um I mean you know Love' onto YouTube in 2008; 2008; 2008; 2008; the video, featuring extensive use like um like of of of of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The The The The Octagon, so okay like and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July in July in July in July 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot um so well on on on on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second second second second um okay um US album '12 X 5' 5' 5' 5' in 1964 and performed it so well um um um um as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 2007 2007 2007 you know you know uh but he now works for for for for Human Rights Watch in New York like well I mean mean mean mean City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 14 14 14 localities located um uh like at a maximum distance of of of of from the city, and with like I I I I mean so 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners who who who who you know I mean you know have been remanded remanded remanded remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is possessed, possessed, possessed, possessed, so well um the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the like like like like uh okay center of the seaport town of Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell in Algeria's you know um okay Tipaza Tipaza Tipaza Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are like well like like like like widely considered to be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of um um um um you know I mean lesser importance, with only small small small small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug drug drug drug dealer Latif, you know um uh Malik tracks down Latif's Latif's Latif's Latif's partner inside the prison, uh I mean I mean kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married married married married in Mexico, okay okay um and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained explained explained explained to so so so the Hawaiian Royalty the the the the importance of an educational institution, so like like a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James you know know know know like okay Perry is one such scholar whose research reveals reveals reveals reveals uh I mean well that public servants tend tend tend tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly slightly slightly slightly predates the like I mean uh post- 1969 prog era, era, era, era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered well well well well so I mean nearly 600 casualties, mostly in in in in Hamilton's centre column, where like um okay the 62nd 62nd 62nd 62nd was reduced to the size of a uh okay you you you you know single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at at at at okay well okay a terminal station, the train may may may may not continue in uh so I mean a straight straight straight straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin so um well and determined that it was a protein protein protein protein and in like uh so 1938 he isolated and crystallized crystallized crystallized crystallized the first bacteriophage (a well so well small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was was was was well I mean you know lord of Hermitage Castle, was arrested arrested arrested arrested and boiled so I mean you know alive by by by by his tenants at the site in 1320 you know know know know um okay in a cauldron suspended from the two large large large large stones, you know you know like on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 um um um um well so %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make make make make up you know well uh around 3 %, hill tribes tribes tribes tribes like Hmong (Mien), so uh so Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan and okay I mean uh Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours uh well well well well well with the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May May May May you know um uh 1971) is a British Conservative Party Party Party Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there if there if there if there is no no no no article, or an article without like uh okay sources, please please please please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing deposing deposing deposing his um so okay first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who who who who had angered the okay well you know Vandal nobility nobility nobility nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most okay so so so so so of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young young young young okay so like age, Copley played his junior rugby league league league league for the um um so Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State State State State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built they built they built they built a large palace palace palace palace on the hill of Bribir, you know like uh uh uh uh an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing all all all all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station station station station uh so uh as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; Under'; Under'; Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across across across across operating okay I mean you know systems, so compatibility of the the the the keyboard needs to be checked okay uh okay before before before before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' um um um um um like (2010), following it up with 'City of God' (2011) (2011) (2011) (2011) uh um so and 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the the the the bombing of Belgrade lasted so like um for for for for three days, other sources state the air battle battle battle battle over um uh well Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars most flatcars most flatcars most most most most flatcars can not carry more than one I mean mean mean mean so uh standard 40 foot container, but if the rail line line line line has uh well you know been built with sufficient sufficient sufficient sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack so you know okay car car car car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television television television television coverage well uh okay of its matches in the the the the United States, the United Kingdom, France, like okay um the Czech Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds anna's hummingbirds anna's hummingbirds anna's hummingbirds can can can can shake their bodies 55 times per you know so so so so I mean second to shed rain while in flight flight flight flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising them them them them um so so of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also also also also involved okay you know you know know know know in several attempts to drum up American isolationist isolationist isolationist isolationist opinion, well um okay including efforts to get American authors to to to to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, entering I mean well I mean in Division 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a a a a diagnostic like so well tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the the the the labor like well like movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him well well well well you know um as the go to person for comment comment comment comment on issues like so uh concerning the Muslim community even even even even though he has no official standing um well well within within within within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - - - - installed on um okay um several well - - - - known brands and qualified luthiers who uh you know so are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered ordered ordered ordered well okay okay to retreat, and within two hours the the the the mob was well I mean uh moving about the the the the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers the writers the writers the writers of of of of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and have okay okay okay okay I mean um on several occasions read the the the the comments made on it; the like okay okay character character character character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore you know know know know I mean um etc. However, the however, the however, the however, however, however, however, the civilisation of India in general, has well uh uh uh uh you know influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation proletarian nation proletarian nation proletarian nation (, ) ) ) ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini you know know know know you know I mean used for referring to Italy Italy Italy Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and and and and well so okay made theatrical, relationships with movie movie movie movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode episode episode episode Guess What's so so uh Coming to Dinner? with with with with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie um okay okay being taken to to to to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, you know know know know okay well 1962, at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home home home home in Polk County okay okay well of of of of a top - billed actress for a decade, and so so so so like well her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the the the the like well um University of Lausanne and when he he he he returns with much fanfare okay uh you know after after after after the course, it is revealed that he he he he like um uh has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the the the the um uh um legal arm of FAIR, which which which which is described as like uh well a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began people began people began people began to socialize socialize socialize socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - houses like I mean uh that that that that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the Flora Flora Flora Flora I mean well uh Venom) one of the the the the Darna's enemy as the story continue she got so like like like like like her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, you know like I mean Wales with her younger son, Michael Michael Michael Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and and and and well okay I mean was given the key key key key to his legitimate hometown of well like uh Plovdiv, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João maria João maria João maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank the bank the bank the bank remains locally locally locally locally owned and operated in Ogden you know I mean mean mean mean um and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the I I I I mean uh um most optimistic projections, the NDP took every every every every seat in you know okay I mean the city, in most most most most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an an an an free and so uh I mean open source source source source initiative to provide an enterprise scale you know I mean mean mean mean okay solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and okay I mean you you you you know the use of primary energy can be considered considered considered considered the same, um um um which is not the case case case case for industrial - size, common um like like desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before before before before okay um well joining the ABC and is a graduate graduate graduate graduate of Deakin um uh you know University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was it was it was it was built built built built in 1893 and was designed by noted architect uh uh uh uh like I mean Wilson Eyre to be the home home home home of Joseph Leidy (1823 -- okay I mean well 1891), a a a a noted American paleontologist, and sit next door to well um um um um you know the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than you know I I I I mean you know the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be be be be added, which uh well uh will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home home home home well so like alone, and on Christmas Eve, Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race the race the race the race moved to to to to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a Group 3 you you you you know well well race in 2002, and it it it it has been upgraded twice like so like since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao the Wenzao the Wenzao the Wenzao Ursuline Junior College College College College of Modern Languages was you know so so so so so named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded founded founded founded like I mean like as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 I mean mean mean mean I mean well 1917) was an officer in the the the the Union Army during the so I mean um American Civil Civil Civil Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes the football football football football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One One One One racing car um like well designed by the Red Red Red Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 okay uh well Formula Formula Formula Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian Sebastian Sebastian Sebastian Vettel, who so okay well drove for Red Bull's sister team team team team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves um um um um okay um the boy, who ultimately exiles the king king king king who ends so well you know up in a a a a cursed life as a ferryman when okay uh I mean he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of of of of uh I mean um Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 okay okay okay okay okay you know in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match match match match against Portugal in Lisbon; I mean uh so following a a a a Dejan Stanković in - swinging freekick, he scored I I I I mean uh so with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- -- -- -- like so I mean making all students wear the same clothes clothes clothes clothes or limit them okay I mean you know to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in in in in uh uh you know the Red River Campaign of of of of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and well well I mean received received received received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata francis Kahata francis Kahata francis Kahata (born (born (born (born 7 June 1991) is a okay okay like Kenyan footballer footballer footballer footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State University; University; University; University; he I mean um like is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including including including including bebop, okay uh um mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish parish parish parish in Northumberland, so so um England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation well I I I I mean uh album 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' Rock' Rock' Rock' as well okay um so as a number of various artist compilations, compilations, compilations, compilations, including um I mean you know the City City City City Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated well like okay okay okay okay eighty right - handed patients who showed signs of a a a a unilateral so you know I mean cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, history, history, history, the village you know well well of Hawleyville Hawleyville Hawleyville Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film the film the film the film released on 4 4 4 4 July 2008 with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, um um um um I mean okay New York) is an American American American American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it it it it was okay well so tagged as a YouTube policy policy policy policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he he he he I mean you know uh alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of of of of Zhu Xi and instead like okay well advocated looking to the original original original original works, his school is considered like I mean so so so so part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other other other other so okay um lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a um okay okay okay okay I mean MF patch only the club know what what what what those are like okay well used for or signify law law law law enforcement theorizes with the help of you know um I I I I mean informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish literature so well so who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth when Teth when Teth when Teth - Adam says says says says the magic word 'Shazam', um uh well he is transformed transformed transformed transformed into a super-powered being possessing well well okay the the the the same powers that Captain Marvel would later be granted; okay um um um um okay however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a a a a you know well um personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Wallapa Wallapa Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free as as as as so um you know an early birthday gift gift gift gift from Kevin to his fans and um well well well well uh was met with positive praise from numerous music sites uh uh uh uh I mean I mean such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern the eastern the eastern the eastern half half half half of the country, on the other hand, so I I I I mean okay was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le Le Le Le uh you know okay Mans, driving a Porsche - - - - powered Kremer with Gulf well uh uh sponsorship; sponsorship; sponsorship; sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican well well well well you know um Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox Orthodox Orthodox Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent truculent truculent truculent of Lilburne's okay you know uh troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, Dublin, Dublin, Dublin, okay um well an area which had experienced severe drug abuse abuse abuse abuse problems so you know I mean since the early early early early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, uh uh uh uh so um on 6 March 1856, set sail for England England England England on uh well I mean board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because the the the the Trump so um you know Administration is overstepping the the the the authority allowed under the by you know um um forcing forcing forcing forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their their their their offices on like well um Tower Bridge Road, London London London London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human well um um um um uh body and a type of digit, an organ of I I I I mean so uh and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 19, 19, 19, um you know like 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, excommunication, excommunication, excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was I I I I mean um you know also being actively supported by the DUP, DUP, DUP, DUP, the TUV well so like and UKIP. The Tory Tory Tory Tory party also refused to I mean so like run a a a a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker was was was was born on June 6, 1950, the I mean um I mean mean mean mean son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track track track track like I mean uh into Iowa, and during the the the the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in the the the the um uh I mean 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction fiction fiction fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet uh like you know Camaro Z28 then parks the car car car car in front of the school you know uh well well well well with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island the island the island the island remained continuously continuously continuously continuously French until 1960 when I mean um I mean mean mean mean Senegal was granted independence, with only brief periods of English English English English so I mean okay occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (黃浩義) (黃浩義) (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds builds builds builds on the um like I mean existing body body body body of query language issues, many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, Whitecloaks, Whitecloaks, Whitecloaks, for um I mean um allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Queen Queen Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills like you know um him in in in in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, so so so so um you know 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was was was was the um um well only son of Thomas Lyon - - - - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the 'Raise the 'Raise the 'Raise 'Raise 'Raise 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian like I I I I mean you know rock band The Living End, End, End, End, it is the second so uh uh track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city city city city um I mean okay of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in in in in the I mean I mean so tournament and became the first first first first nation from America and uh you know I mean mean mean mean only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been been been been researched by like I mean um international institutes, universities and market research research research research companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 1988 1988 1988 when well okay I mean it first began to promote promote promote promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent in recent in recent in recent years people people people people using maphacks having to I mean you know well well well well with Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with well like like like like like cheating and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of of of of the okay like so capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch batch batch batch okay so like in the history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - blondin - blondin - blondin - Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew is a Dene who is the like so um Member Member Member Member of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic well I mean so so so so in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern okay okay okay okay well you know Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was was was was the you know you know I mean petitioner in one one one one of the best known habeas corpus so well well cases of the the the the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, trains, trains, trains, together with I mean well okay the R13, R13, R13, R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance well so I I I I mean services, branch off to Estació de França, so that that that that the R2 I mean you know like only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids aphids aphids aphids off so okay well plants and thus kills them from from from from the impact okay like you know or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became became became became apparent like so well that she lacked lacked lacked lacked a campaign message, outside of her her her her you know well like 'love for Toronto' and and and and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, so so so so so I mean was able to flee the scene, scene, scene, scene, but was discovered well so like the next morning morning morning morning hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a well uh so so so so camouflage tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first well well well well um like tour arranged by new label Fearless Records Records Records Records - uh uh I mean the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris at like um I mean Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South riverside, South riverside, South riverside, South Memphis is one one one one of the oldest portions of South well so I I I I mean Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is ancoats is ancoats is ancoats is an an an an inner city area of Manchester, in North West I mean so you you you you know England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at at at at Duke well you know I mean and served served served served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards well well well well uh uh the two parents: a version for the mother mother mother mother and I mean I mean well one for the father, father, father, father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security I I I I mean you know well Archive, CORU was created to unify unify unify unify five different Cuban exile groups, like I mean uh at a a a a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis following German you know uh um invasion of of of of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug Doug Doug Doug um so you know hatched a plan to make her her her her move uh well I mean in with him, which which which which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written um okay okay okay okay um Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to to to to allowing uh well um same - sex couples to to to to jointly petition for adoption, okay like uh however, LGBT couples may may may may attain some level of um well um shared shared shared shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is so so so so okay I mean a retired professional ice hockey defenceman defenceman defenceman defenceman who played ten uh um you know seasons with the the the the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) stjepan (Stephen) stjepan (Stephen) stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko Tvrtko Tvrtko Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- like you know so 10 10 10 10 March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals goals goals goals in the well okay like 2007 - 08 season; however, because because because because of the number of uh you know I mean games games games games he played for both Charlton and China, he was was was was like uh well less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never so so so so I mean okay put into action due to limitations limitations limitations limitations in funds um you know well and the belief that the the the the tides of the war were you know so um um um um beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun was an an an an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor like okay okay of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was he was he was he was educated at at at at Eton College and Christ Church, so I mean well Oxford, and and and and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel well I mean mean mean mean like College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on okay okay okay okay uh um online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also shops also shops also shops also dominate the northern side side side side of the park, with like um I mean the Northeast Northeast Northeast Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel or Bottom I I I I mean I mean like Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song song song song in memory uh okay um of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on on on on you know um okay Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but but but but after his murder, Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', Sale', Sale', Sale', when you know uh I mean he sells jars jars jars jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and tells so um um um um um the camera that his mother has never wanted wanted wanted wanted to sell her well well okay sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine I I I I mean well I mean and propeller, only just beyond the wing wing wing wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) um I mean mean mean mean well are a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly in the um okay uh state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, England, England, England, and you know okay um was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal deal deal deal of well you know uh time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in back in back in back in the ring, ring, ring, ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left um you know so arm arm arm arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to to to to um so I mean stop at the referee's referee's referee's referee's five count, so the referee okay um well disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its its its its first you know uh I mean hearing in 100 years, took place place place place at the uh I mean you know Golders Green Green Green Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this this this this so so I mean production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked he worked he worked he worked professionally professionally professionally professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan uh well you know know know know Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of I I I I mean like well Joe Paterno, former head coach of the the the the like uh well Penn State Nittany Lions football team team team team. Artist Angelo like um like Dimaria was commissioned by by by by Paterno friends and Family to you know um so Design Design Design Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and and and and injects I mean like um saliva which prevents blood from clotting clotting clotting clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet and and and and like like well after spending one and a half years years years years in Kalimpong so like so he settled in in in in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' okay okay okay okay I mean I mean coil, provided the Q of of of of the transmitting circuit is significantly I mean so I mean mean mean mean greater than the coupling coefficient, then much so you you you you know uh of the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de like like like like okay uh Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic artistic artistic artistic style you know uh okay of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only uh uh uh uh um you know to close it in 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 7 7 7 minutes uh well well in length, and is considered by by by by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it it it it so uh so was considered a possibility that Soro Soro Soro Soro would be named prime so you know so so so so minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising okay well well well well I mean decision to sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre Vivre Vivre Vivre (formerly well well you know of Count Your Lucky Stars Stars Stars Stars Records); their more traditional um like okay Midwestern Emo Emo Emo Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will will will will you know so well be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later like like like like um uh became Chief Preparator at the museum, together together together together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in in in in Southwest Angelina okay you know well County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts in in in in both so like like eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and and and and equipments worth you know well um hundreds of of of of thousands of dollars to her home country um like like like like well as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in like like like like uh I mean this process, and to this this this this end, the 51st Division was so well you know transferred transferred transferred transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on well uh you know know know know to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that so so so so so um owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, teams teams teams teams had to construct two berimbaus using I mean you know know know know um plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and uh uh uh uh so so Magic, was given the role, and digitally digitally digitally digitally added to so I mean I mean scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from well um um um um so Beirut, Lebanon that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is he is he is he he he he is best known for his leading role in in in in the um like um Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), (2011), (2011), (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as um well like well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts carter confronts carter confronts carter confronts confronts confronts confronts Peter in his former office and demands for you know know know know uh um him to relinquish control of the company, but but but but he like like well refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and um so so so so like offices are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri gagan Kokri gagan Kokri gagan Kokri is an punjabi punjabi punjabi punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in then in then in then in early early early early 2005 Philip Green sold his so so like stake in in in in the business to David Thompson who began Owen Owens uh uh uh uh like okay expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off off off off the now okay so like defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his after his after his after his his his his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to appear appear appear appear on I mean I mean um MTV's 'TRL' in the the the the U. S. Early 2001 and the song well um I I I I mean was added to the track list of the the the the okay I mean well U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, I I I I mean okay okay for example, many criminals display this this this this type of selfish um uh uh behavior in the service service service service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for okay you you you you know so himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has has has has uh like I mean feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and like I I I I mean like namesake for the town of Broken Hill, western western western western New South like okay well Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, in 1971, in 1971, in 1971, Leila had a short short short short participation as a you know um um burlesque star, and and and and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's Steve's Steve's Steve's relationship well um well quickly blossomed, but their happiness happiness happiness happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in in in in okay uh uh revealing, patchy black leather outfits sporting sporting sporting sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana well okay okay okay okay uh Boy', which was published in 1960 ( re-issued re-issued re-issued re-issued as 'Guyana okay I mean I mean Boy' by Peepal Peepal Peepal Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the over the over the over the years years years years its name was changed many times so so um um um um mostly because of the regime change in the the the the okay okay um country, for example, when Latvia was a part part part part of so um uh the USSR it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be you you you you know I mean um a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a a a a Swedish pilot like okay okay and photographer who became became became became a celebrity after um um uh flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in the um um um um um um 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into into into into the Essendon I mean you know well team for his his his his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic Linguistic Linguistic Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and and and and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on on on on wine jugs which so I mean like are connected with with with with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and well well well well I mean I mean played there until 1943 after after after after which he played for several you know like well other other other other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had had had had never I mean well uh seen a fortune cookie in in in in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is cittaslow is cittaslow is cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line line line line and like like like an Italian relief column, including another ten ten ten ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the okay okay okay okay uh okay principles of American conservatism - although it it it it promotes small government policies, so um uh its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; like like like like like well and the synchronous action of neural ensembles in like like like like um like the cerebral cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, neurons, neurons, neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a like like like like um um revolutionary vanguard elite to lead society, but but but but he no like well uh longer advocated a proletarian proletarian proletarian proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard okay you know know know know so led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem the Problem the Problem the Problem of Handicapped Handicapped Handicapped Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book by uh like well well well well Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which which which which the authors examine well well I mean moral issues issues issues issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter Rand Rand Rand Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located okay okay okay okay I mean like at Martin Luther King Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, New well okay like Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station of the the the the well uh uh PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the you know know know know well uh International Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his his his his father died, like um you know giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him him him him I mean um um to the Defense Council but the the the the Quaid - i um you know well - Azam who who who who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' Kiss' Kiss' Kiss' for an you know okay you know English - language language language language release in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such one such one such one such challenge was was was was Kiki's sudden loss of ability well I mean I mean mean mean mean to fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, novel, novel, novel, okay well like where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear I I I I mean uh um pierced, but by who? , tom tom tom tom shows his sisters who okay you know well well well well can not help but laugh, when Jane arrives so like okay okay okay okay home from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked ranked ranked ranked so like um in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first first first first introduced well I mean um in 1978 by Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and baťa and baťa and baťa and his wife Sonja Sonja Sonja Sonja were greeted warmly uh okay like in the main square square square square in Zlin by thousands of people like so um um um um cheering him and he immediately initiated plans like so so so so well for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, so so so so uh so and / or disinfect that are less damaging damaging damaging damaging to the you know uh uh environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division um so so so so uh contender in the 2000s following the drafting of of of of several players, so okay so among them including forward Patrick Marleau, Marleau, Marleau, Marleau, taken second overall I mean okay I mean in in in in 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited okay I I I I mean okay by a number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by the the the the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 so I mean you know -- -- -- -- 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of of of of Serbia okay uh I mean during the Balkan Wars and after the the the the First World War um I mean so the city became part part part part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, originally so so so so well like consisting of a triptych, and the central part of of of of it was um well well a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis Otis Otis Otis I mean so uh G. Pike, is the only only only only federally designated wilderness area okay um uh in New New New New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States I mean mean mean mean you know okay Congress has decided that abortion is legal legal legal legal until the soul uh you know uh enters the the the the body, which is specified as the moment a well okay okay okay okay like person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile mile mile mile long like like I mean leat which dates from 1493 1493 1493 1493 along with some meadows were um I mean mean mean mean so acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, College, College, College, well I mean you know where he was a a a a three - year starter and I mean uh well played played played played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have gSPs have gSPs have gSPs have a lot lot lot lot of energy and if not like like well given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Cardinals, like okay well McGee came in to replace the injured injured injured injured Kitna, and well like like made his first regular season season season season touchdown pass, completing the okay so uh game with with with with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, Tennessee, Tennessee, Tennessee, and I mean you know I mean graduated from International International International International Performing Arts Academy after which I mean you know I I I I mean he moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves it involves it involves it involves retention, retention, retention, retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves like well so ten ten ten ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the the the the same year uh like uh. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was she was she was she was was was was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force Force Force Force okay so okay from 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada and California and like well um eventually piloting piloting piloting piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's 'Sticky so well I mean and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, okay like so so so so acts as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell uh uh uh uh um uh that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit faison's pursuit of of of of the crystals soon became an afterthought, uh I mean um um um um as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, Anna, Anna, Anna, which she was I mean like you know reluctant reluctant reluctant reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to to to to find the old you know um I mean maps in the the the the secret archives, and even those which Xiao you know uh uh uh uh you know He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray to portray to portray to to to to portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a you you you you know well I mean series of ex-service men and women women women women helped by Morgan uh um I mean contacted Blind Blind Blind Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at okay so so so so um the charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his his his his contributions so uh like to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, well so I I I I mean completing regular assignments, they participate in quests, quests, quests, quests, aimed at I mean well so solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time some time some time some time later, the the the the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory as okay um uh well well well well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the the the the Younger was okay you know uh a brother of the apostle apostle apostle apostle Matthew and the you know okay you know son of of of of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company was was was was um um um under investigation by the attorney attorney attorney attorney generals' offices of 15 separate uh so okay states states states states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive you know know know know you know uh recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's Jay's Jay's Jay's Treaty, well you know I mean perceived as too too too too favorable to Britain, while the French ambassador I I I I mean uh I mean embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq later, Tariq later, Tariq later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely closely closely closely with Abdul Salam and okay I mean so Dr. I I I I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort uh uh uh uh you know well to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from from from from France and so so so established rocket manufacturing plants near near near near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is is is is a professional okay um well Australian cricketer who who who who currently plays first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a well well well well uh I mean multi-platform campaign centered around EDM that that that that includes digital content, so I mean I mean advertising advertising advertising advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, authority, authority, authority, for like so I mean its MAX Orange Line Line Line Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 80 80 80 you know uh I mean goals for the Bulldogs before before before before he played his last game I mean you you you you know so in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil kanjikoil kanjikoil kanjikoil panchayat town okay okay you know in Erode district in in in in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu like you know you know. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins joins joins joins okay like um Bari on loan for the season, season, season, season, with Bari having the option so you know well to to to to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th well well well well well I mean Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during during during during the well uh um run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal (CP); the you know you know okay three Série 9100 9100 9100 9100 diesel railcars were built for the line uh so so so so you know in 1949 and continued in service until until until until 2002 okay so like (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy was was was was only a part of her responsibilities; she I mean well okay was was was was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, similar, similar, similar, seemingly unresolvable okay well like controversy over the colour of the the the the Australian flags used at okay um you know the 1927 1927 1927 1927 opening of provisional parliament house in Canberra, you know know know know okay you know where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on on on on October you know uh like 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime Lifetime Lifetime Lifetime titled Exit okay like you know 19, revolving around around around around a single mother who struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI VI VI VI um okay so requesting to be released from the priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, so uh like in which he admitted molesting molesting molesting molesting children across um I mean so five states; the the the the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is is is is uh like I mean not equivalent to the distance in in in in normal space; two star systems I mean okay okay okay okay you know which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Lady Lady Lady Gaga like well you know since summer 2011, they they they they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published hunter published hunter published hunter published translations translations translations translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and you know know know know uh like 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for accordingly, for accordingly, for accordingly, for 1913, the the the the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the originally, the originally, the originally, the Palais Palais Palais Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San San San San Antonio de I mean I mean like Béxar drafted a a a a petition containing similar language to the convention well well well well well like resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the the the the um well so car park, and as one of them attempts attempts attempts attempts to unlock okay I mean okay the door with with with with his key, they hear a strange I mean well I mean mean mean mean noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially he initially he initially he he he he initially had no musical background, he taught himself by by by by watching um uh like tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been uh you you you you know I mean related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA like like like like I mean so World Cup and starring well well well well - known football players okay um you know from national national national national teams and clubs, emphasizes the you know like well mantra of of of of 'risk everything' - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served I mean okay okay okay okay I mean by buses and jeepneys that serve the Taft Taft Taft Taft Avenue I mean like uh and nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's the expedition's the expedition's the expedition's facility, High High High High Lab, is gradually compromised by a so like uh dormant super-intelligent super-intelligent super-intelligent super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by the the the the so like like Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as as as as well as on like so well an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing you know know know know well like treatment for pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend attend attend attend the read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First First First First so um like Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', People', People', People', lit uh I mean like. 'Song of 'Song of 'Song 'Song 'Song 'Song of 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was was was was originally a okay well well poem written by Isak Saba that that that that was published in you know well like the the the the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from from from from um so well Rutgers University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling to well well you know put to paper a series series series series of captivating, colorful you know like well well well well stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, you you you you know okay okay the founder of Saudi Binladin Group and and and and a half um okay I mean - - - - brother and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin bin bin bin um okay like Laden), he acted as the patriarch of the the the the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the Iranian Iranian Iranian Iranian uh like so government's English - language TV channel channel channel channel until December 2009, though so so I mean he appeared twice twice twice twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the the the the breeding okay you know okay pair of the pack, pack, pack, pack, indicating they do not serve as um I mean well well well well a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle I mean uh um um um um of Man) is an British TV chef and actor he uh you you you you know um originally trained as a chef in some of of of of Europe's I mean like you know finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the the the the Vijayanagara um uh uh era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in in in in Pinar okay so like del Río Province and profits were initially initially initially initially robust enough that Chanler um like you know know know know was able to loan $ 35 million to the Cuban Cuban Cuban Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel meanwhile, Hershel meanwhile, Hershel meanwhile, Hershel (Scott (Scott (Scott (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more like okay like like like like crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been like uh uh uh uh so away hunting for The Governor, and having been been been been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty the Gatty the Gatty the Gatty Marine Laboratory Laboratory Laboratory Laboratory is located in the like you know like coastal town town town town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill you you you you know okay you know his friend and instead joins joins joins joins forces with Yash to um um uh execute a plan against against against against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping okay um okay Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; Tango'; Tango'; Tango'; however, so um um because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and and and and okay uh well breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater greater greater greater than um I mean so zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a a a a draft of like okay um the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep deep deep deep waters I mean um like of the Atlantic, Pacific and and and and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, the the the the wheelbase so like uh is 125. 9 in (3 (3 (3 (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) 22 m) 22 m) 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were were were were okay so well channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, fire, fire, fire, simultaneously, units I mean well like of the Canadian Dragoons Dragoons Dragoons Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned he earned he earned he earned a Licentiate in in in in Canon Law at the Pontifical well uh okay Gregorian University, University, University, University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and was ordained you know know know know you know um to the Catholic priesthood on March March March March 5, 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real her real her real her real name name name name was Anita Raj Khurana as her Father okay so so so so I mean Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career career career career in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ um okay okay okay okay uh 4000 prize for the longest flight from England England England England to the I mean you know I mean Continent Continent Continent Continent in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking taking taking taking water okay okay um from the reservoir to use use use use for m mayor William Hartsfield um you know uh traveled to to to to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, like um well well well well Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in in in in Serbia like like you know such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija Cvija Cvija Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- the E- the E- the E- 170 and and and and E- 175 directly compete with okay well so so so so the Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more more more more than um uh like minimal governmental intervention in personal personal personal personal liberties and the economy is um okay you know know know know not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta well well well well well you know and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's like like like like okay like death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger younger younger younger sister and so I mean so kelly Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, okay like okay now the the the the John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the well well well well um like special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical medical medical medical services I mean so well level with about half the firefighters firefighters firefighters firefighters being Certified First well like okay Responders and the the the the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming harming harming harming the environment um uh I mean around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, Bahamas, Bahamas, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football um um um um so like club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with with with with piracy uh well uh as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very you know know know know like you know much greater in West Africa than in in in in the regions from I mean uh okay which the supply was was was was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and okay okay um in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell is is is is credited with changing the atmosphere of South I mean mean mean mean like you know and has helped the school reach reach reach reach academic excellence over um like you know the the the the other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse is a a a a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress well well okay County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, despite this, despite this, despite this, Buffy still still still still doesn't believe that Warren so well well deserved to to to to die for killing Tara or Katrina, well well well well well well but she and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew um um um um uh um don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the the the the Realprogymnasium in I mean so uh Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat uh uh I I I I mean when the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did did did did not seek so so I mean re-election and won by by by by a 16 % margin of okay well well victory victory victory victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop like so so so so you know artists such as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is is is is I mean well so the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent you know know know know I mean well with her siblings to complete her education education education education in Leiden, um well you know The Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote the screenplay screenplay screenplay screenplay you know well you know with Mike Finch and and and and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) was I mean uh okay a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar guslar guslar guslar (gusle player), so I mean well known by some as the the the the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their I I I I mean so so wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for for for for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though though though though so uh so this is rare. Birds frequently establish establish establish establish themselves in so like I mean areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a plan plan plan plan like I mean well that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to to to to test the effects uh uh like of toxins on on on on an ecosystem, which makes them' an like so well indicator indicator indicator indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian Philip Philip Philip Philip Davis so I mean you know was also also also also produced to coincide with the single uh you know know know know um release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, uh okay okay okay okay uh and his tactics simpler and easier for them them them them to you know okay um follow, and intelligence on on on on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the the the the um um so work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and and and and the Mount you know I mean uh Nebo, a a a a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah at the the the the uh um you know southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December on December on December on December 3, 2009 2009 2009 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, like like okay and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and and and and alliances, okay well like such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler um I I I I mean like from the convoy, and the escort is reinforced reinforced reinforced reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce you you you you know well so and none of which lasted more than than than than three years, well like I mean she she she she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs all songs all songs all songs recorded by by by by the Paradimes have been you know I mean you know know know know written by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the uh uh uh uh um so group released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage to um um um um I mean well various areas of the Pacific coast coast coast coast in northeast Japan, and you know okay like Fukushima Fukushima Fukushima Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and and and and uh I mean like he wrote under the name name name name of Nagari Dās, as well as a I mean mean mean mean so uh devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships worships worships worships the I mean you know well lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was yangyang was yangyang was yangyang was was was was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the like you you you you know uh American lifestyle to millions of of of of Chinese viewers and her role on uh so um 'Hello 'Hello 'Hello 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live live live live reporting I mean okay uh for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer longer longer longer accepting you know um well GIFs, Gould began watching watching watching watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he so I mean well abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have been been been been so okay you know preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Road okay well okay in Shoreditch, and worked worked worked worked with many of the artists uh okay like of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for um um um um I mean uh Weathertop, the hill on the East East East East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left having left having left having left school school school school at 16 and drifted through various jobs okay okay okay okay so okay including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model model model model and okay I mean um theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an an an an actor with the um okay okay Red Ladder Company Company Company Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no no no no change okay okay so in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the the the the lateral MOSFET: okay I mean well as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more I I I I mean like so pleased with the production of 'Soul - - - - Crusher' I mean um uh than any other other other other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started aquaculture started aquaculture started aquaculture started in in in in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from from from from July um uh I mean 18 to 21, 1996, 1996, 1996, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the so so so so okay so University of Abuja, and a master's degree graduate graduate graduate graduate in Directing um I mean so at the New New New New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her you know I mean mean mean mean you know first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in I mean mean mean mean um uh the fourth season of 'Suits', and he he he he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive acomprehensive acomprehensive acomprehensive study on the contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary industrial environment in Indian economy okay like uh in the the the the globalisaton context was first of kind in the I mean mean mean mean um uh country. The book in this area area area area is two volumes published well so so with with with with the co operation of 25 scholars from the academic um um um um I mean I mean world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather like well you know who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron then, Byron then, Byron then, Byron went went went went into his boxing stance again you know I mean um um um um and as the Ambassador was about to do the same, like like like like okay so Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have uh you know know know know uh argued for a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the the the the prevalent so um so view today is that Old English English English English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military okay okay okay okay okay um intervention from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the well well well well well well revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of of of of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home home home home to a um you know uh large number of of of of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national national national national so well um importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School School School School for Colored Teachers, um I mean you know founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend attend attend attend well you know like the Toms River Regional Schools, a a a a regional public school system um okay um primarily in Toms Toms Toms Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest lowest lowest lowest uh okay well since the introduction of the WWE Network earlier earlier earlier earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to to to to flee the uh so okay city and trade virtually stopped as as as as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became barber became barber became barber became the manager manager manager manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of of of of Brazil to like uh so have won a national national national national title - the 1973 Torneio well um so do do do do Povo and to have competed in the two main well well well well like um continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are okay so so so so I mean 'identified' in this sense -- in humans, humans, humans, humans, there are believed okay I mean so to be none -- -- -- -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion this portion this portion this portion of of of of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to um uh uh fans, due due due due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher was unable so so so so well uh to continue with the increasingly grueling travel and and and and well I mean uh tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river river river river 67km like I mean okay northwest of the Kwekwe by by by by air, and 54km southwest I mean like you know know know know of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly strictly strictly strictly monastic okay like you know path suited only for the the the the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg israel Gregg israel Gregg israel Gregg (February (February (February (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was okay um um um um okay captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two two two two voyages um well um from Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for for for for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of of of of the Lebanese uh like well National Anthem and and and and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; the you know know know know well okay latter she got in 2012 after a bombing bombing bombing bombing like like so in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, career, career, career, Davidson took well like you know 170 Test wickets at at at at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, you know like you you you you know and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl bowl bowl bowl out uh uh so their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a a a a former you know so okay track and field athlete at at at at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the future domestic domestic domestic domestic I mean I mean I mean airports in the the the the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt uh um well well well well and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county county county county has a total okay like I mean area of, of of of of which is land and well okay I mean (1. 05 05 05 05 %) is water. T he county well well okay okay okay okay is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, you you you you know I mean so 'A Lesson in Love', which follows a a a a young Hasidic like uh I mean couple who venture out out out out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually park usually park usually park usually plays in in in in a penalty killing role and you know like okay okay okay okay is considered an above - average skater he also served served served served uh um uh as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four four four four - I mean I mean I mean of - a a a a - kind and try to throw uh so well well well well a Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player uh uh uh uh I mean okay should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, before leaving, before leaving, before leaving, John told told told told Winston to warn everyone well I mean so that he will will will will kill anyone who comes to find I mean mean mean mean like well him before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they so I I I I mean um were regrouping but this time with only only only only three members, Paige I mean okay well having having having having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance château, uh well I mean dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and so so so so you know I mean critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling schooling schooling schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located uh like like like like like in Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as as as as uh well so much as 1 percent of of of of a country's population; um well like the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer richer richer richer well okay um merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled titled titled titled the well um I mean 'Sovereign of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as as as as a newsletter uh I mean like of the Union of Clare Clare Clare Clare Students which was padded out with I mean okay you you you you know comedy articles, and gradually turned into a a a a weekly 8 so I mean well page comedy comedy comedy comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in in in in calcium uh I mean okay cell signalling pathways by by by by binding to Ca 2 +, the well so well calcium calcium calcium calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and Low well well well well well like (L), and automatic downstep, where a H following a a a a L um okay I mean is always pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in in in in West I mean okay okay Africa, which involved the pledge of of of of a person ( okay okay um or a a a a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present well well well well I mean um a different style show show show show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young ayoung ayoung ayoung girl, Rydia, is the the the the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so um okay like like like like that they are now more intelligent and can speak speak speak speak. They okay um uh take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the the the the you know you know I mean Lightning to to to to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, uh well I mean mean mean mean Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field Field Field Field you know well okay and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 1949 1949 1949 so uh okay account that the RAAF Hudson's crew crew crew crew failed to report the I mean I mean um um um um sighting until after they had landed and even even even even had tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated insinuated insinuated insinuated were I mean like well created by JJ in his his his his numbers 1, 2 um um like and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before before before before uh well like enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military Military Military Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat Vilas' is the the the the surviving fragment of a historical so well like like like like manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union the Union the Union the Union Rescue Mission in in in in Los Angeles served 2, 500 so so I mean mean mean mean meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of well well well well like um succession and by the Treaty of Guérande, Guérande, Guérande, Guérande, in 1365, well I mean okay the king of of of of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, the um you know well Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and and and and you um like okay can knock when it's your turn with with with with 7 or less so um uh points, in in in in lieu of drawing, and stop the current hand, every okay I I I I mean um one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from from from from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles vehicles vehicles vehicles so so okay. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and um um um um uh okay Vice-Patriarch and at the death death death death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' so so so so like I mean magazine; he had a step - - - - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars scholars scholars scholars from the um okay uh institute had collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated with Laine on information by for his uh uh uh uh um um the book about the founder of the Maratha Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights few WikiKnights few WikiKnights few WikiKnights are ready ready ready ready on day one, ancient scripts okay like okay tell of of of of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) you you you you know okay so was the Attorney General of Arizona, Arizona, Arizona, Arizona, from 2003 uh well like to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after after after after an Omaha police okay um I mean officer fatally shot a a a a teenager named Vivian Strong in the uh you know I I I I mean Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies after studies after studies after studies at Hofstra Hofstra Hofstra Hofstra University, he worked for New well I mean um York Telephone Telephone Telephone Telephone before he was elected to the New York you know so so so so um State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began benford began benford began benford began Executive producing producing producing producing Independent films in 2007 then in uh uh like like like like 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in um um um um I mean um line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led led led led the qualifiers at 137; well so so the qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation um um um um uh well for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative negative negative negative um well uh antibody tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), fluid), fluid), fluid), as studies have okay okay uh shown that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the um um um um like uh Glasgow and South Western Railway, but but but but other companies made little well well okay use use use use of it; however the general goods terminal at at at at okay well I mean College became important, and goods goods goods goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him him him him okay you know well to escape and as his his his his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going it's going it's going it's going to to to to be a big favourite in the live set set set set um um um - we shot the video last last last last week and invited a like okay you know bunch bunch bunch bunch of our friends and fans down to be so so so so you know so in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' ATC' ATC' ATC' (ICD okay uh so - ATC), while the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Sector, carrying out the Hump like you know I I I I mean operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and and and and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for I mean mean mean mean I mean so international relations and is attributed attributed attributed attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Martin Martin Martin Ryle, well I mean so without the inclusion of of of of Bell as a co-recipient, which um so um stoked controversy controversy controversy controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - I I I I mean so okay Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in ordained in ordained in ordained in 1873, 1873, 1873, 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three so you know know know know well years later After a three year curacy in Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Who's Who you know like like (Ibid) and spent the rest rest rest rest of his ministry there, I mean um you know know know know amongst other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according according according according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point uh like uh uh uh uh guard Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during during during during like well well his 13 minutes of playing time, time, time, time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Illinois, died okay I mean I mean 15 March 1950) was was was was an American professional pool player, a uh okay well well well well twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the okay um um um um like film was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk uh uh uh uh you know um Branch and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is is is is a policy based authorisation system like I mean okay that that that that implements the NIST standard RBAC and provides a I I I I mean I mean you know privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, esters esters esters esters are chemical compounds that are you know uh well derived from from from from an inorganic acid or organic acid in uh so so so so well which at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special I I I I mean well uh Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) ) ) ) like I mean like is the differentiation of intentions, decisions decisions decisions decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October on October on October on October 17, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC as I mean mean mean mean okay well a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received received received received an offer you know uh so to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy they enjoy they enjoy they enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent towards towards towards towards well I mean okay everybody else, including the fairies, fairies, fairies, fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith lily Smith lily Smith lily Smith Smith Smith Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on 30 okay okay okay okay okay okay November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - - - - 20 to I mean like okay a a a a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on behalf um um um um um well of the CILIP who assumed the the the the ownership of the title um like um in 2002 following following following following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the the the the uh I mean like FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver medal medal medal medal at well um so the Pan American Games in Mar Mar Mar Mar del Plata, and afterwards uh well well turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest company company company company by you know um so revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other well well well well you know so product in the roofing market, so so so so it is fitting um well okay that a local local local local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an like you you you you know you know additive metal fabrication (sintering) technology developed developed developed developed by EOS of Munich, like uh like Germany, often often often often confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic so like like like like okay language, and refers to the spears (there is a a a a well um I mean better, liturgical word) that are crossed and and and and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three um like like like like I mean half - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted noted noted noted so well you know assistant coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was well okay okay okay okay like heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the after the after the after the the the the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is is is is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is is is is an American you know okay you know actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical okay okay okay okay well uh family in Pre-Partition India as the the the the youngest of the three you know you know uh children children children children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the in the in the in the fourth chapter, chapter, chapter, chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer so like like like like like and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American American American American Academy of um I mean I mean Arts and and and and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor honor honor honor well you know um had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician and and and and former uh um okay Beatle George Harrison that was released released released released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of well um um um um you know Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Henry Henry Henry Hollis Bradford, later changed his you know so well surname surname surname surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the the the the well like so premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge! Rouge Rouge Rouge ', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people you know know know know so I mean coming from all around the world world world world though the vast majority are you know you know um um um um Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every every every every one who so so you know gets into school, school, school, school, going from grade 1 - 7 with you know um um um um I mean students then expected to pass the exams exams exams exams set by the okay uh you know Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination imagination imagination imagination like okay you know was marked for life by by by by the horrors of um I mean well the Revolution when when when when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt you know well so against the the the the authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, well well well well like uh six in men's events and seven in women's events, events, events, events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira Zahira Zahira Zahira college, I mean you know uh until his his his his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is well um uh a a a a song by Whitney Houston, and was the fifth and and and and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen like like uh launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed um okay um on a surface - the STM STM STM STM image may appear well well uh to have either INCREASED or or or or DECREASED height at that so well um feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and and and and many of so you know you know his 'war calypsos' calypsos' calypsos' calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 well well well well well so April 1914) was an Australian politician who was a a a a uh well well member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a like so well well well well physique similar to that of Jan Be, who is also also also also known I mean well I mean for his his his his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt I mean like well well well well to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic like like like like well so with the oxide anion, O 2 −, −, −, −, and the fluoride anion, okay um uh F − − − − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, you you you you know you know well 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an an an an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry I mean um um um um um of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she like like like like uh okay was born as Ada C. McCord, in in in in Memphis, Tennessee like you know well in late late late late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, girl, girl, girl, you know uh well in May 2007, whom she named named named named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university uh uh uh uh you know like of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from okay okay okay okay like uh the mainstream social world and complete commitment to to to to liberation from um I mean okay Samsara, the cycle of birth birth birth birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular the popular the popular the popular notion notion notion notion of black clothing is likely rooted like so uh uh uh uh in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed showed showed showed them so um okay dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian tribes well well well well uh you know that had been gathered by by by by Aurelian for his Eastern campaign, um I mean mean mean mean uh and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and some some some some you know I mean um prose. Many og the the the the writings were of high quality and so well so aimed aimed aimed aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation avariation avariation avariation of this song is also also also also used at well like like Disney World's Magic Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and well I mean uh in parades parades parades parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and and and and uh well so musician of Commodore 64 games, games, games, games, during the 1980s, working okay you know um for for for for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is you know know know know uh uh shown to be a weak, shy, and and and and lonely boy so okay okay when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard uh like like like like so Croiset, a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, I mean so I mean was brought to Australia, Australia, Australia, Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own so so so so like uh right begins in the 6th century BC with with with with the Pythagoreans, um so okay who coined the term 'mathematics' 'mathematics' 'mathematics' 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of um uh well well well well love between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led to to to to well I mean um protests from a Rajput caste organization organization organization organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also phonology also phonology also phonology also encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San Juan Hill Hill Hill Hill uh okay okay began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly won won won won position so um like on the summit, using both both both both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served he served he served he served as Master Master Master Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 to so um like like like like 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, head head head head I mean you know uh of department from 1926 1926 1926 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based based based based strategy uh um well game where the the the the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian civilian civilian civilian uh uh like police force founded in 1844 by by by by Queen Isabel II I mean okay like of Spain after after after after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid down down down down like well like their arms and received monetary compensation compensation compensation compensation from the government and like um I mean more more more more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance chance chance chance okay so I mean to move to Royal Antwerp FC FC FC FC however due to so um uh homesickness McStay ended his his his his contract with the Belgian club at so okay okay okay okay so the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, the 106 106 106 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with like okay so the the the the 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard which which which which had been okay well um founded as the 135th 135th 135th 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, I I I I mean well um he returned to New York in 1953 1953 1953 1953 and started like um I mean writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and and and and uh so well by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different different different different okay okay okay reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' is a a a a song by Canadian rock band like uh uh uh uh I mean Nickelback, released by Nickelback in August 2003 I I I I mean um well as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard heard heard heard like like you know of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited merited merited merited less so okay like than a duel and so so so so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week the week the week the week after that that that that he went back to being called uh um uh Johnny Devine Devine Devine Devine as well as betraying his fellow X okay um so so so so Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring ring ring ring for um you know um matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, um you know so and served as the lead - off single single single single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the the the the you know uh I mean period of secondary education and and and and students who qualify are like well uh allowed to pursue pursue pursue pursue a two - year pre-university um so um course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - - - - leg' Jim Wilson's ranch like like like on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member well so um um um um of the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a a a a registered uh so like society in 1986 by the Ministry Ministry Ministry Ministry of Railways of so okay I mean India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table I I I I mean I mean well - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions several religions several religions several religions have prospered simultaneously simultaneously simultaneously simultaneously and at different periods of well so okay time and elements elements elements elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September in September in September in September 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure uh you know okay okay okay okay Culinary Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took took took took um well okay part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song asong asong asong belongs on the list list list list below 'only' if the well well I mean song is notably notably notably notably about Portland, although the song may so uh uh uh uh you know additionally be notable for other reasons too; too; too; too; therefore, this you know well um list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating graduating graduating graduating you know uh um in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Danbury, Danbury, Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples like like like like well uh in them that have not been been been been cleared, however there is generally okay I mean uh no legal legal legal legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was koshinski was part of of of of the team that created the new FM so like uh uh uh uh all - sports format and had success against WGR WGR WGR WGR okay you know um - 550 AM until Adelphia sold sold sold sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise realise realise realise that until the you know like okay mid 20th 20th 20th 20th century houses were heated by open fires in in in in um like um chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of of of of I mean well like isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving moving moving moving on um you know um to Fangor, before joining the the the the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's Valley's Valley's Valley's like well I mean first semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V I I I I mean I mean um available with either 2. 5 5 5 5 - or 3. 5 - um I mean okay litre litre litre litre engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance appearance appearance appearance than pre-war uh okay um models, but more important was was was was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used used used used to so so okay go and Amar who felt felt felt felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try try try try like okay okay their hands at a ouija board, board, board, board, they don't realize at okay like you know first that they have have have have summonned a jinn, who can only like you you you you know um be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity like um uh uh uh uh was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, he he he he would well um you know walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town the town the town the town is home home home home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, so I I I I mean well the IRA no longer had a Chief Chief Chief Chief of Staff, so I mean like there was was was was no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA IRA IRA IRA Army um so well Council, there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw jonkvrouw jonkvrouw jonkvrouw but 'Madam', uh I mean well abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, the sixth, the sixth, the sixth, seventh, and eighth eighth eighth eighth Gurus did not write religious well uh like verses, however however however however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did and okay okay okay okay I mean okay the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any well okay okay okay okay okay immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific the scientific the scientific the scientific explanation for for for for the incident, attested by Indian academics, you know uh well was was was was that the material was pulled up from the the the the offering well you know uh bowls by Hindu worshipper at at at at a temple in south New well well okay Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of of of of their houses well well uh. Apparantly, the leopard leopard leopard leopard was so bold that it would bang down okay okay okay okay um I mean doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original uh well I mean mean mean mean member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and and and and sought uh I mean well out and found him; he he he he lost his entire fortune and well so well well well well became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her okay you you you you know uh to the dragon, but the memory of of of of tying her to okay I mean so the stake, awaiting death death death death with her eyes open and dry, still well okay okay sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's the band's the band's the band's first album, album, album, album, 'Only the Dead See uh um uh the the the the End of the War', was produced by well okay okay okay okay okay Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British so so so so well you know Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected elected elected elected the Member of Parliament (MP) well like I mean for for for for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 you you you you know like well Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha the Ambashtha the Ambashtha the Ambashtha Community in in in in India is spread thin into well well uh uh uh uh various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is is is is anxious to obtain the information like uh um from from from from his mother but she never recognises him when you you you you know okay well he visits and so he asks asks asks asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest in the the the the uh you know uh mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, um um um um well uh where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and and and and Stevens uh um okay met with Major Walter Schellenberg Schellenberg Schellenberg Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the the the the world, they so so well do not show much; much; much; much; in a Christmas special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and and and and well like like John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Dean Dean Dean Brown for the Liberal you know well like leadership leadership leadership leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he he he he uh well you know hag year the second outing outing outing outing of Eight Women was you know um you know know know know far more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in Jeyhounabad, so so so so so like Iran and is considered one of the greatest greatest greatest greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat (1887 1949) 1949) 1949) 1949) was a pioneering abstract okay okay um photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap you you you you know I mean so opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does does does does like uh like not stop here, since it bypasses bypasses bypasses bypasses using the center express I mean okay well tracks tracks tracks tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the at the at the at the start of of of of the War of Spanish um like I mean Succession Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal had allied with France, as part of this so like well treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, painter, painter, painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, Arms, Arms, Arms, The well okay so Horse and Jockey and the Robin Robin Robin Robin Hood, two Working Men's um I mean uh Clubs one one one one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing like like like like you know I mean the city of Palmerston North about about about about 20 km west okay uh you know of it, it, it, it, passing through the town of Foxton, you you you you know I mean like before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to to to to collapse, and immediately he um I mean well announced announced announced announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the uh uh uh uh um I mean intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers well well well well uh I mean -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south uh uh uh uh like um coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the well so um um um um highly regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who uh uh uh uh uh I mean came into the Breeders' Cup Cup Cup Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are there are there are there are several amenities amenities amenities amenities in the village such as um you know I I I I mean the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden (born (born (born (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, like okay well well well well Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who uh like like like like so made his debut in the NHL with the the the the um um I mean Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as as as as 'Americans', like like okay a term deriving from 'America'; in in in in the English context, it well so well came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they they they they you know so so be done in private, but but but but the pagan priests said so I mean okay it could could could could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, well well well well okay like Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball second well so okay baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, so so so so uh okay and Francine blames Stan, until they realize realize realize realize that well well uh 'Steve', who was missing, missing, missing, missing, put them in the goo well I mean like as, like like like like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial um um um um well okay authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been been been been claimed I mean okay well as Asia's first botanical garden, garden, garden, garden, although it was predated so you know um by by by by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer um so so so so like and track & field; while while while while women's sports you know like so include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at at at at UFC okay um uh 109 by unanimous decision decision decision decision with all three judges scoring I mean so you know know know know it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists artists artists artists um okay um from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee Matinee Matinee Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace ian Wallace ian Wallace ian Wallace (born September September September September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died um okay okay okay okay uh February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a well well well well like I mean rock drummer and session musician, best known known known known as a member so um you know of of of of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, opener, opener, opener, um so so thus setting the record for most consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive losses during I mean okay like a single season in in in in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing okay um um um um like and Health Studies (NHS) has, since since since since its founding in 1903, um okay so been at the the the the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from from from from you know uh I mean Nashville, Jim found found found found a position at Marvel Comics handling like uh uh publicity publicity publicity publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence Defence Defence Defence well um okay and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and art and art and art and Industry', Industry', Industry', Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, okay okay okay okay okay um and was accused of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is it is it is it is the 'Home 'Home 'Home 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the since the since the since the vehicles are battery battery battery battery powered, there's no need for like I mean um electrification electrification electrification electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), (SASZ), (SASZ), (SASZ), among you know uh you know the most most most most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United States well well well well like okay and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach Villach Villach Villach -- well okay like 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer officer officer officer during World War you know you know uh uh uh uh II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor Vice-Chancellor Vice-Chancellor Vice-Chancellor like well I mean of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two uh well well well well I mean album tracks, 'Sodom & G' and and and and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run okay like okay for for for for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, featuring featuring featuring featuring you know I mean like Grande in an oversized oversized oversized oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed he landed he landed he landed to to to to claim it as salvage, having detected well so okay okay okay okay no life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the 'the 'the 'the crew um so uh objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she she she she spent um um uh a number of months studying with Sara Sara Sara Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led okay okay okay okay you know like another team that lost, garnering only 20 20 20 20. 2 % 2% 2% 2% of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned he resigned he resigned he resigned from his his his his seat on the council in like so okay 1801 due due due due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a a a a so I mean um Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory advisory advisory advisory and editorial board uh uh uh for the database and and and and its network of over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, Court, Court, Court, I mean so you know a Victoria Gothic pile with with with with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was uh uh uh uh um I mean guaranteed 2. 5 million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million 5million dollars, in addition to the millions like um um um um um who watched on closed - circuit screens around around around around the world the well like well Garden was packed with with with with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd like uh uh team title in 24 years years years years despite the fact that so well well no senior senior senior senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is echomimetic is echomimetic is echomimetic is an adjective adjective adjective adjective that is best explained in okay you know know know know like English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from from from from onomatopoeia like um you know as the latter noun noun noun noun is used in philology and you know well um um um um literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - ono - ono - ono - i i i i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western the western the western the western terminus of I I I I - 184 is with I uh okay well - - - - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown downtown downtown downtown Boise, um you know like where I - 184 empties eastbound eastbound eastbound eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to like so like like like like his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel brand brand brand brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to um like okay okay okay okay TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding to I mean uh like the five forms forms forms forms of entry, And there is like um you know a a a a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American the American the American the American American American American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous so okay I mean mean mean mean work, ', in which he argued that the cockfight cockfight cockfight cockfight served as like uh you know a pastiche of wider wider wider wider Balinese society from like you know well which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of of of of New like so um Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 4 4 4 - year um well so - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in like I mean well well well well 'Half - Life 2', an amputated part of okay you know know know know okay it exists as an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first first first first uh um I mean professor of preventive medicine of the the the the Woman's Medical College of well I mean well well well well Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester uh like like like like okay Police Department who is assigned to investigate the the the the murder okay so um of a young girl named Carla Carla Carla Carla Castillo, whose body well okay I mean is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to so okay okay okay okay well Kingsbridge Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Ock Ock Ock Holliday uh uh I mean who lived in a a a a Western dimension did away with well um you you you you know the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody so so so so so uh knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug I mean mean mean mean you know I mean rehabilitation program and after finding out out out out that he had only um uh you know know know know a few months left to live, he committed suicide suicide suicide suicide on 11 uh like I mean July by jumping jumping jumping jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a um um um um uh okay presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric nitric nitric nitric oxide molecule can like I mean so diffuse all over over over over and can thereby act on several I mean well you you you you know nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar the radar the radar the radar range range range range was still low (27 km well you know well well well well was quite normal for a fighter - sized target) like like like like okay uh and the loss rate remained high, high, high, high, with peaks in 1973 you know so so and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened you know know know know I mean you know rapidly, that on midnight, midnight, midnight, midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded okay uh you know know know know the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing you know uh uh uh uh um fish paste (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this following this following this following this Harrington Harrington Harrington Harrington won the 2006 European Tour I mean um like like like like Order of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with you know know know know so um Paul Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo duo duo duo um well okay album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in in in in the you know okay I mean 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied occupied occupied occupied so like um by several bus lanes of the the the the Jalan Sultan Mohamed like uh well bus bus bus bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February on February on February on February 22, 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, the series was picked up okay okay okay for for for for an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms the platforms the platforms the platforms saw saw saw saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve um uh so so so so airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi I mean okay so Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is it is it is it is located located located located in the growing south side of the city, so well well well well uh at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other other other other I mean like um obstacle the tank would stop and the the the the rockets fired causing well well uh the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of so um um um um uh 22 acres that was split off the Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Simpsonville Mill property by I mean okay you know the the the the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats it eats it eats it eats leaves, leaves, leaves, leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial industrial industrial industrial manufacturing and services okay you know you know were crowded out out out out and became non-competitive on world markets, well like okay a a a a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his his his his old friend Vasu like you know uh (Ali), Vasu Vasu Vasu Vasu warns ranga to leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred the transferred the transferred the transferred wear debris and and and and created lumps penetrate the opposing you know uh um um um um oxide surface layer and cause damage to the the the the underlying bulk well like like material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in in in in the um uh um Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a criminal like like like like okay uh or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and so so so so I mean well died in London on 1 April April April April 1899, following a longer you know you know know know know like term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is is is is a um well you know U. S. National Historic Landmark Landmark Landmark Landmark (designated as such on December uh like um 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to to to to prevent balloons, so well so known in - game game game game as 'bloons,' from reaching the end well um well of of of of a defined track on a playing field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing the playing the playing the playing surface was was was was often described as being rocky so well I mean mean mean mean or sandy and the football team found it difficult difficult difficult difficult uh like okay to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and and and and like like uh 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over well well well well I mean so Serbia, whose infantry units were were were were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the the the the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: okay well well well well you know Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and and and and Taylor,' her companion, you know like I mean 'according to her her her her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, prompt, prompt, prompt, though in older I mean um well tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the um um um um um uh techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, like like like like okay you know with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen evergreen evergreen evergreen forest lost um so uh in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was hayes was hayes was hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon soon soon soon afterwards: so um well his two younger siblings left left left left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami Miami Miami Miami um um I mean and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced well so you know know know know with Dutch bricks and adorned with 18 iron uh uh uh uh uh I mean - trimmed Palladian windows placed between buttressing supports supports supports supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three three three three main presenters um like you know on BBC 2's flagship flagship flagship flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the programme in like like like like I mean so January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 okay okay I I I I mean -- 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with with with with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, tracks, tracks, tracks, and well like uh released on cassette in 1986 with additional additional additional additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and so I mean mean mean mean um convicted him in absentia, and she forces him to agree agree agree agree uh okay I mean to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and okay um um um um so Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he he he he uh so uh briefly held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get 'Get 'Get 'Get Behind Me you know I mean um Satan' in in in in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before announcing so okay okay okay okay uh their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow so um like was not reinstated in the Second Second Second Second Division and they played so like uh in the the the the amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events developmental events developmental events developmental events that have have have have seemed to serve no useful function you know okay uh uh uh uh can now be seen to be carrying out okay um um um um okay these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us us us us to ask like um well new kinds of questions questions questions questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in in in in 2007 Reforma, so okay um Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, I mean okay okay okay okay I mean Mexico and later evolved to be applied applied applied applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has has has has made over like like I mean 8000 runs in his career career career career yet has failed I mean you know so to to to to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia you know know know know like so (Patrick McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second the second the second the second tube was was was was in lifted into place 7 uh uh okay January 1850, a a a a single line was open to public traffic through these these these these well you know uh tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan Callahan Callahan Callahan was part I mean uh like of various various various various bands until deciding to go solo okay okay you know in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural the inaugural the inaugural the inaugural inaugural inaugural inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school so so like like like like from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, Australia, Australia, Australia, northwest of uh you know you know Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer the soccer the soccer the soccer team team team team is class D in the Maine Principals you know know know know like like Association, the 2015 team went went went went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing you know well well well well so the player to actually control Poirot; the the the the developers explained this choice okay like you know know know know by saying that adventure gamers who make make make make mistakes like uh well throughout the game do not not not not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often often often often involve so I mean uh romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused elements of of of of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and okay I mean uh fictional prose, prose, prose, prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations excavations excavations excavations in like uh you know Bagram, found Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls um you know know know know you know and other objects including statues, this being an an an an indication that so okay um Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she she she she attended you know you know I mean the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, you know like well however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of seven like like like like well okay different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic an ethnic an ethnic an ethnic group is a a a a group of people I mean well like whose members members members members identify with each other through a common so so so so so uh heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 in 1978 in 1978 in 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the the the the like like okay end of the 2010 season, with ten, ten, ten, ten, including best so you know okay single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of people people people people so well okay in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat Khlifat Khlifat Khlifat - al um so um - Masih delivers an an an an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning after returning after returning after returning to normal his his his his chest did not fully so um you know recover and and and and some parts of it remained icy, he was okay okay okay okay I mean okay unable to return them to normal, normal, normal, normal, he became afraid of okay like uh it and and and and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating repeating repeating repeating pattern in like I mean you know space, but remain remain remain remain unchanged with respect to time; time crystals like well uh uh uh uh repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a after a after a after a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with with with with so I mean okay numerous academic papers and is is is is probably best known for well uh well his widely cited cited cited cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in in in in uh okay so the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV SV SV SV Meppen, both promoted well uh okay from the Amateurliga, while while while while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items items items items um uh you know of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour tour tour tour but was I mean okay so unsuccessful in doing so so so so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Academy's Academy's Academy's Academy's so well like former Perth Road building was was was was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 in 1914 in 1914 in 1914 he he he he was awarded the Polar Medal for so I mean mean mean mean so his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - - - - you know uh I mean born writer, currently distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished professor at the Graduate like like okay Center of City University University University University of New York, where he uh okay I mean teaches teaches teaches teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is an an an an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern you you you you know uh okay Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty faculty faculty faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student student student student I mean you know well and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to print print print print like okay okay the name of current working directory, directory, directory, directory, if the shell prompt uh like um does not not not not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to according to according to according to the C++ C++ C++ C++ specification, it returns a reference to well okay um typeinfo, typeinfo, typeinfo, typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you assign so you you you you know so thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense the AdSense the AdSense the AdSense name name name name was originally used by Applied Semantics, a so okay so so so so competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio this Sitio this Sitio this Sitio is the the the the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, so so so so like like instead of standing for regrets' regrets' regrets' regrets' répondez s'il vous okay okay okay plaît', are there to to to to reassure the invitee that um um okay okay okay okay there would be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the in the in the in the Khyber - - - - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning uh like so as as as as explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district district district district you know well um ( 'zila / Zilah' ) ) ) ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), (APLH), (APLH), (APLH), um well like is an initiative launched launched launched launched by young Lebanese um um I mean artists / intellectuals back back back back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August you you you you know uh I mean 1981) was an Irish Irish Irish Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in uh okay like like like like the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo uh I mean well Crews to qualify for the Money in in in in the Bank okay I mean like ladder match at at at at the Money in the so well um Bank pay - - - - per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the the the the leading city of um like um the world, world, world, world, with Wall Street leading America's I mean uh okay okay okay okay ascendancy and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from from from from its like I mean you know first headquarters in in in in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis of of of of their you know I mean like personal appeal and and and and also those candidates who are well um like sidelined by party party party party political rivals within party but confident to I mean so so so so uh make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December December December December 1996, currently uh like um i'm still in in in in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, so so so so so okay e. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high high high high - like like well rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would would would would be situated ten like okay you know stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his his his his you know uh okay first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was mount was mount was mount was born born born born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex Essex Essex Essex uh um uh and her love of acting began with the the the the dramatic society you know you know uh of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Reggie Reggie Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long like like like like like um term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him so so so so um so to new allies and a startling revelation revelation revelation revelation about the Mogadorians' plan well you know okay for invasion invasion invasion invasion. , but ,but ,but ,but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable reliable reliable reliable firms, well well you know and more television networks, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' (AKA (AKA (AKA (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an well you know know know know like of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary primary primary primary star um you know uh in the constellation constellation constellation constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a a a a boy, okay so well villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, carriage, carriage, carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides bitnation provides bitnation provides bitnation provides open - - - - source governance, which includes DIY services, uh like um such such such such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams uh um um um um I mean from the Central American Football Union Union Union Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying uh well okay competition, and they were were were were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in in in in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, in Bogota, in Bogota, in Bogota, Colombia, the the the the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also well you know know know know uh known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C C C C. Khanduri, (born I mean I mean so 1 1 1 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the the the the Man so okay like in Grey for being considerate considerate considerate considerate and he leaves okay okay like her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 23 23 23 April 1942, um uh like with the radar mounted in in in in a Halifax bomber, the scanning I mean like okay okay okay okay unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the the the the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon like like like like you know like Fraternity He persuaded UNC to build the stadium stadium stadium stadium you know so so as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an an an an Armenian um like um state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish troops from the well so I mean Straits area, Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is an an an an ongoing okay so so partnership with the National Geographic Society to bring bring bring bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of of of of the arrow points uh I mean um and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career I I I I mean you know um as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November November November November 6, you know well like 1600 ) was a a a a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who well okay okay okay okay okay was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated situated situated situated in um uh well the highly urbanised area of South South South South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational so like well bands and artits such as Cat Cat Cat Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider okay so you know and the Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next next next next month with I mean so uh a blush on his face, face, face, face, but was reduced to okay like you know know know know a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of of of of posts in so like so Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions missions missions missions on the Continent for well you know uh King Henry Henry Henry Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 1897 1897 1897 so you know you know by C. W. Post, a a a a patient and later competitor uh I mean like like like like of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is desprez is desprez is desprez is also also also also known as a designer and maker well um like like like like of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched volvo launched volvo launched volvo volvo volvo volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd um I mean so century A. D. It was was was was replaced by the Panhellenion, so I mean um established established established established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is zane is zane is zane is a member of of of of the general partner of Armada you know uh um Enterprises LP, LP, LP, LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny Kenny Kenny Kenny you know I mean well out of jail jail jail jail for $ 100, 000 after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced uh uh uh uh I mean like by its success and sexual content, as as as as um like um its sexual - explicitness bended creative creative creative creative barriers in the well so um music industry industry industry industry and led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War um um um um um you know the powerful radio transmitters using the the the the tower were used to I mean um I I I I mean jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris Paris Paris Paris and contributing I mean okay I mean to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material material material material uh so uh throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began as okay okay okay okay I mean like a Dutch colony, then was was was was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor so so so so I mean okay who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements elements elements elements from so like I mean east and west, it has traces traces traces traces of western like you know I mean sound sound sound sound like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian okay okay okay okay like you know sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with with with with Tony I mean I mean I mean Kushner, who who who who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year um well well well well um of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first first first first serious well okay I mean clash of arms between between between between Māori and the British settlers after uh uh um the signing signing signing signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which well so okay occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces you know okay I mean from from from from the center, so they may be placed on okay well well well well okay the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and and and and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone the backbone the backbone the backbone of of of of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in um you know so so so so the Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These These These These like so so heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen noblemen noblemen noblemen in which they underwent extensive uh okay so exercises in in in in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of construction of construction of construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a you know know know know okay so small seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 like like like like you know so November 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, but I mean okay like later stated that she she she she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs programs programs programs to take so well I mean responsibility and pull pull pull pull their kids out of the well well um activity if anything anything anything anything went wrong, these kids were then looked well like well at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly promptly promptly promptly um um uh caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and and and and like you know well her first solo exhibition opened in New New New New okay so uh York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half so so so so well so of the Legion rebelled against the Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor under the so well so command of of of of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, water, water, water, like uh like cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes color tint so well I mean which is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is is is is a young okay I mean um pretty woman born born born born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused it caused it caused it caused three three three three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage um so so so so so and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, I mean mean mean mean you know you know is the founder and chairman of of of of PROMDI Party (Progressive you know okay okay okay okay I mean Movement for the Devolution of Initiatives) where where where where he ran for the like um uh position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent you you you you know um you know to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve um um um um uh I mean world - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, Paoli, Paoli, Paoli, an opera I mean um I mean singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the you you you you know so I mean Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, also, also, also, on occasions you know you know I mean they they they they turn a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought so so so so okay like down by the annual Špancir Festival which begins begins begins begins at well um like the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, is served um okay uh by Via Rail's The Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of of of of single and um I mean well double accommodation cells contained contained contained contained on 3 wings, and a further okay um like residential unit unit unit unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the the the the Berlin Charité, and um I mean like subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently became an assistant at the department for the mentally mentally mentally mentally so um uh ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including including including including so so so 103 sworn police officers and 40 40 40 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning I I I I mean uh okay institute with a website service designed so that that that that users like I mean um can learn languages online in in in in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father his father his father his father father father father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, okay okay okay okay like I mean and he had three brothers, two two two two of whom died like uh so fighting the Welsh (at (at (at (at the Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in um uh uh uh uh well the large palaces and country estates owned by the the the the Romanovs well well well like the Catherine and the the the the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo so I mean like and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets chucky meets chucky meets chucky meets John Simonsen Simonsen Simonsen Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor when so okay so he was was was was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - - - - you know okay uh named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and and and and a comic well like uh series called 'Swiss Family Family Family Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes he hopes he hopes he hopes to accomplish accomplish accomplish accomplish this by discovering methods of solving 'thinking uh uh uh uh uh I mean games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, 4, 4, 4, Jackie freaked out okay uh okay when in crises, crises, crises, crises, pacing while trying to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity the publicity the publicity the publicity department department department department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and so so so so so uh Morris be seen together around town; they liked each each each each other and um I mean like did date for a a a a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the the the the 2009 - I mean okay so 2010 American sci - - - - fi television series 'FlashForward', based on um um like the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American um okay okay okay okay uh college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive uh uh like Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from from from from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of of of of their high um uh well energy and compatibility compatibility compatibility compatibility with kids. They are they are they are they are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day um uh uh uh uh well may be more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) (secondary) (secondary) (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed so okay you know for rechargeable rechargeable rechargeable rechargeable batteries may allow charging without removing the I mean so so so so well batteries; for example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these okay okay okay okay you know uh requests in an episodic manner; during the the the the course of like okay like the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an like like like like okay so English professional football player and currently plays for for for for Bristol okay so uh City, on a short term term term term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the the the the well okay like City of Penonomé, in the district district district district of uh uh you know los Forasteros of the community community community community of San Juan, I mean uh you know Province of of of of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was he was he was he was one of 4 4 4 4 new loanee's that featured um um I mean in in in in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who who who who were you know okay I mean both physicians in the the the the Indian Army, causing the family to um so so move move move move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and um um um um uh uh sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest interest interest interest to establish so well like a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks from from from from okay okay um aircraft and submarines; later in the the the the war, escort carriers were um like I mean part of of of of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using benjamin, using benjamin, using benjamin, using his his his his GI Bill benefits, went back to school like well well well well so at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated okay okay okay okay like you know with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, uh uh uh uh uh okay there is also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated from Texas Texas Texas Texas A&M University in College um you know okay Station Station Station Station in 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry husbandry husbandry husbandry well so well and then, as had his his his his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and and and and you know well I mean a yeshiva high high high high school for boys, located in Kibbutz uh uh you know know know know Sha'alvim it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped mapped mapped mapped um well well as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), Земля), Земля), Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny okay like well islands islands islands islands and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to mondays to mondays to mondays to Fridays Fridays Fridays Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver well well well well I mean okay after steering feedback hasn't been detected detected detected detected for a period okay you know like of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made made made made before you know okay okay the start of the the the the quiz and made be available on so so I I I I mean all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks parks parks parks and recreational well um I mean facilities including the Eleanor Eleanor Eleanor Eleanor London Côte Saint - like uh you know Luc Luc Luc Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in you know know know know uh you know 1656 after the fall of of of of More Kingdom to Bhosales and well um so very very very very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton okay uh uh uh uh so Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour okay okay okay okay uh okay - return Crypt Lake trail is accessed accessed accessed accessed by a you know like uh dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was was was was well so I mean one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's Wyatt's Wyatt's Wyatt's rebellion, and on um uh I mean 12 February, February, February, February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his you you you you know uh um career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 1983 1983 1983 Tamil film um okay okay is directed by by by by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in um um um um you know you know trials of new torpedoes and and and and hydrophone equipment on uh so uh both the east east east east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and and and and well well okay 1923 and were used in the US US US US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) okay okay okay okay well like represented President Brigham Young of the Church of of of of Latter - uh uh okay day Saints and other church church church church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the the the the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most okay okay okay okay you know um prominent feature being a large cylindrical cylindrical cylindrical cylindrical gun turret mounted you know okay uh amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, embolism, embolism, embolism, well like like include disturbed blood flow (such as as as as in atrial fibrillation okay like I mean and mitral stenosis), stenosis), stenosis), stenosis), injury or damage to an uh well you you you you know artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 1941 1941 1941 like you know uh -- 15 September 2005), succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded his grandfather to the like okay uh title in in in in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - uh so I I I I mean Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with with with with Sonia, um um okay a beautiful young girl, who is engaged engaged engaged engaged to Mark's you know uh um cousin Camilo, who worked at at at at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of much of much of much of her design design design design was also re-used for you know you know so the the the the 'Street Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, okay so so so so like has a fellow ninja classmate and friend named named named named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 1984 1984 1984 in St. Petersburg um like so was raided by police police police police but after Glasnost the so you know so group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of you you you you know okay okay the National Football League is is is is tentatively set to um I mean um begin Thursday, September September September September 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl so you you you you know okay champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin um um um um I mean I mean with an injured Ben and and and and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish okay okay okay okay I mean you know plan to fool the the the the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city the city the city the city has museums of of of of many types, housing cultural I mean you know well treasures of of of of Mexico's history since ancient times, the um okay okay okay okay so most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her her her her um uh like family name of Jackman, using both both both both of her remaining names you know uh um together as as as as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was was was was well so um a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students um um um um um okay who graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing gnawing gnawing gnawing you know so okay on wood, while the teeth teeth teeth teeth of the giant beaver were so um well bigger and broader, broader, broader, broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman prince Salman is reported to to to to arbitrate disputes among the members of you know um I I I I mean the royal family which, along with with with with the governorship so well well of Saudi Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for fairness um so uh uh uh uh and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love uh uh uh uh I mean um to Hardin, which in turn shatters his his his his heart and later well so uh turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting acting acting acting um uh well for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project like um well well well well due to script differences with the studio, and the the the the director uh okay um reiterated, ' I never had an actress actress actress actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 1772 1772 1772 um like like until she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy comedy comedy comedy okay okay uh program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode the Mode the Mode the Mode can only only only only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council Council Council Council in uh I mean so 1885, and was Mayor Mayor Mayor Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade this upgrade this upgrade this upgrade will will will will reduce cost and increase like you know uh uh uh uh flexibility, since any manufactured CBC can be configured configured configured configured for I mean well like zero to four solid boosters, but the the the the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be be be be reconfigured um um I mean using Emacs Lisp, a a a a simple and easy to learn you know I mean mean mean mean so language, changes to the Lisp code do not not not not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP like like like like I mean um released by the Bee Gees in in in in 1967 on you know okay you know the Spin Records, Records, Records, Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of you you you you know uh I mean the 15th century and and and and was popularized in the like okay you know 17th century by by by by Fr. Claude Bernard, claude Bernard, claude Bernard, claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle la Calle la Calle la Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied hals studied hals studied hals studied studied studied studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander okay okay okay okay um you know (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 2 2 2 on so so you know the regular season and earning earning earning earning a berth in the you know okay like Championship Game, Game, Game, Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg um uh so attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC FC FC FC Talanta, you know well um and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, okay okay okay okay okay okay whilst the latter competed with Real Real Real Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is is is is um so like a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer footballer footballer footballer who currently plays uh well uh for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer producer producer producer currently like well okay serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, Bolckow Bolckow Bolckow Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast I mean you know so so so so furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire like like like like okay so 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; Lose'; it like I mean you know was recorded at Allaire Allaire Allaire Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of 'P. Kovachii' Kovachii' Kovachii' Kovachii' you know okay I mean in the wild as it it it it was found that one locality uh uh I mean of 'P 'P 'P 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft draft draft draft pick to like you know okay the Portland Portland Portland Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy in well like well 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the the the the young artist with personal thanks well uh uh uh uh well and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper paper paper paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was brown was brown was brown was offered offered offered offered a new contract at the like so well end of the the the the 2013 - 2014 season, after being so okay so so so so with Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make like you know know know know I mean everyone appear the same, by God there is is is is no difference uh uh um between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and and and and invested in uh uh like real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie well well well well well okay Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated he immigrated he immigrated he immigrated to the the the the United States in 1852, in um okay so response response response response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales of of of of you know I mean uh justice with its centre centre centre centre - beam symbolised by the central wing uh uh uh uh you know like of the building comprising the the the the Chief Justice's court, the you know so so largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett Garrett Garrett Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the the the the well so um you know known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat meat meat meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus Leben (born (born (born (born July 21, 1980) is a I mean I mean mean mean mean like retired American mixed martial artist who fought for for for for the UFC okay I mean um as a Middleweight, compiling compiling compiling compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of well well well well I mean so the insulation over many years years years years of energised service and at present so um like great great great great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was was was was in so you know well talks with BBC to get Torchwood Torchwood Torchwood Torchwood back on well uh um TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, grass, grass, grass, in which so I mean uh it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals goals goals goals and 40 uh you know uh points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan well well well well you know um and his father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; Wise; Wise; Wise; the part of I mean so okay his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use use use use uh so like of shims and padding can compensate for for for for some changes, and um I mean so the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was well like like like like you know appointed president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, and after well like so his death he was was was was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel I mean mean mean mean well um called 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic graphic graphic graphic novel like uh like called 'Luna Park', and he was was was was the chief historical you know so so researcher on on on on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would well well well well like well be written by a different author author author author and illustrated by uh you know you know a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on on on on February uh okay I mean 5 of that year, when when when when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and and and and uh you know okay then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) 1962) 1962) 1962) was okay you know like a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South South South South Dakota, Attorney General you know you know okay of of of of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the the the the colon, located like so um at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of well well well well so like the United States Air Force based out out out out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility facility facility facility uh okay you know serving many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known well well well well I mean so and popular personality personality personality personality among the residents of his hometown, respected for like I I I I mean well his exploits as an All - American athlete athlete athlete athlete you know okay so and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure exposure exposure exposure time, uh you know so using a photographic film film film film with a higher ISO rating, or, like I mean uh in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge huge huge huge volumes of copies I mean um like have have have have been made of the originals, which are no longer okay okay okay okay you know um extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) 2004) 2004) 2004) - Leaked on uh okay you know November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait portrait portrait portrait and I mean you know um subject painter, had a a a a large practice in London, and was well okay like like like like a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The The The The Metropolitan Police so well like Service and it was him who who who who encouraged Goodwin to I mean I mean uh learn learn learn learn the piano from an early age which which which which would you know like well eventually lead to to to to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the the the the novel, um well uh including the murder of its protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist shortly after a moment um okay okay of of of of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a considered a considered a considered a a a a unique example for the evolution of architecture during the um um um um like um nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was constructed constructed constructed constructed by okay like you know François Coignet in 1869 one one one one week before the inauguration of okay like uh the the the the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) like so so so so like is a fictional character created by the author J you you you you know like you know. K. Stanford, a British British British British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the face and and and and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World the World the World the World World World World Chicken Festival is an annual event held in in in in okay okay well downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for uh you you you you know like 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and and and and okay like uh Myspace, as well as during live shows shows shows shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch Punch Punch Punch okay like um was working on a PlayStation 3 3 3 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox um uh so game game game game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic I mean mean mean mean well well graphics, about a superhuman who must must must must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat um like like like like I mean back into Lila, and the two plan to to to to reunite her like you know like with her father and and and and allow her to take back um um like her her her her place as heir by revealing a plan Anton has has has has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their their their their Class A like well like Anderson Braves in 1980, and and and and his last with the New I mean so um York York York York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the after the after the after the the the the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian so um uh uh uh uh Empire in the middle and late 13th century, most of um you you you you know well the territory of present - day Albania Albania Albania Albania became part of uh okay so the Serbian state: firstly, as as as as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during during during during okay I mean okay his exile in Finland 1457 1457 1457 1457 - 1464, and when he uh okay uh returned to to to to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important important important important grasses for both well okay I mean lawns and as as as as animal fodder, but also some weeds that well you know you you you you know can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the the the the WWE um I mean okay SmackDown Tag Team Championship was was was was unveiled, and a tournament to like I mean you you you you know crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel um um um um well you know Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, a a a a life - changing event I mean you know I I I I mean was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his his his his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, Africa, Africa, Africa, so so okay who works with the Triangle Project Project Project Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an so okay okay okay okay um American educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He received received received received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system system system system well you know I mean the vehicle must be be be be moving at a slow speed less like I mean mean mean mean so than 30 miles per hour, this is only for for for for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, jealous, jealous, jealous, and she well okay uh has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell Powell Powell Powell River Kings, where um I mean like he played alongside alongside alongside alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 so you you you you know okay black Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted fitted fitted fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated I mean mean mean mean um uh in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 you you you you know um so betting favourite, quickly opened opened opened opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the so like like like like you know U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director okay okay okay okay uh you know Susan Williamson, whom he married in 1965, 1965, 1965, 1965, Woolf moved well you know you know to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label the label the label the label was was was was initially intended only to release I mean okay okay okay okay okay 12' singles, however as Lex approached artists to I mean mean mean mean okay uh contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale sale sale sale of so uh uh bonds, with the first issue issue issue issue planned to be around $ well like okay 20 million; million; million; million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt you you you you know uh um to factor these numbers, but much much much much remains unknown about um so so their factorization; for instance, instance, instance, instance, it's not known if all um you know okay numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on okay okay okay okay uh I mean their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, assisted okay you know I mean mean mean mean by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems seems seems seems to uh like well have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a a a a like well so clergyman, but after studying theology theology theology theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory Victory Victory Victory ship okay like okay which is preserved as a a a a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, uh uh uh uh um um Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing ensuing ensuing ensuing two um so okay decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor minor minor minor roles but still okay so so maintained a loyal following following following following from his Cheyenne days and I mean uh um is is is is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells you know well well well well so her that they are not right for for for for each other, prompting well you know um Inez's Inez's Inez's Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded he cofounded he cofounded he cofounded Digifaktory as the the the the first and foremost 360 like like uh degree cinema cinema cinema cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year well I mean I I I I mean 2014 and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of many of many of many of the the the the novels were adapted for the CBS television you know so okay okay okay okay series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available available available available um so so at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 22 22 22 September you know like so 1957) was an Irish Irish Irish Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and um so so so so um well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC PCC PCC PCC um like so streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later later later later work I mean so uh has included restoring PCC cars for for for for use on San you know like like Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a you know you you you you know well former professional basketball player in the WNBA, she she she she most so um so recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only only only only you know um uh one available Jain encyclopedia to understand understand understand understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted attracted attracted attracted well okay um to it by the capture capture capture capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, I I I I mean okay well excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, deathbed, deathbed, deathbed, he became a uh okay well monk at at at at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest honest honest honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and and and and okay you know you know dramatic way, like a a a a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden? ).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, in line with the well okay like ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the the the the area well uh you know are at at at at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori Māori Māori Māori and Samoan you know um you know know know know descent and played rugby union until he was like like like like uh um 14 - years - old, then making making making making a switch to uh so you know rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as as as as so uh I mean their immediate area of influence influence influence influence was about and their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the West West West West Coast well I mean I mean division of Grindtime, Grindtime, Grindtime, Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships in 2007, so um um um um like status as a Youtube celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i i i i and 'K' uh I mean I mean i' accurately accurately accurately accurately from such plots, so it is uh uh uh uh so so advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as as as as so okay so a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release release release release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin burley Griffin burley Griffin burley Griffin Way Way Way Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with help help help help I mean uh okay from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party Party Party Party so okay well of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional constitutional constitutional constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was he was he was he was born born born born in New York City (Spanish you know I mean like Harlem, Harlem, Harlem, Harlem, also known as East Harlem or El Barrio) like okay okay okay okay well to Puerto Rican parents at the age of of of of ten Jimmy's you know so um family moved to Puerto Puerto Puerto Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town cape Town cape Town cape Town (; (; (; (; ) ranks second among the most like like okay populous populous populous populous urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and um um um um so I mean virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer who who who who I mean uh you know created the Ducati Ducati Ducati Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing the um like well naked naked naked naked bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned burned burned burned well you know like his books in public public public public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson quincy Watson quincy Watson quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is is is is unceremoniously dumped by I mean well well well well well his fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' to' to' to' book well uh I mean on breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor uh uh uh uh like like of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center um um um um like okay & Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes sizes sizes sizes of polypeptides like okay well can be produced by by by by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space since space since space since space and and and and time are unified, the motion through space impacts impacts impacts impacts okay um you know time: time slows down for for for for the person who I mean like okay is moving but but but but goes faster for the one who stands well so I I I I mean still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of of of of Glory' well well um (1956), which was turned turned turned turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are are are are simply like so like referred to as 'house clocks', clocks', clocks', clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', well you know you know know know know since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD so so so so okay I mean box set which contains all 11 EPs EPs EPs EPs released by Autechre like uh so between 1991 and 2002 2002 2002 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Smythe Smythe Smythe Division, okay I mean you know and then were eliminated by by by by Gretzky's Kings okay like well in the first first first first round of the playoffs in seven well uh you know know know know games, afterward Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet the sheet the sheet the sheet music may may may may also indicate the name of the uh I mean well lyric lyric lyric lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by you know uh uh uh uh uh a person other than one of the the the the songwriters you know you know I mean or composers and and and and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of like like like like okay so two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he he he he I mean so you know had met as as as as an intern pastor in Colorado City, okay um well well well well Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to according to according to according to sources sources sources sources privy to the development at Scotland well so so so so so Yard, the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Iftikhar Iftikhar Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the the the the deceased uh um okay Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' I' I' I' by like so like the 'Vancouver Daily Province' Province' Province' Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at at at at the well okay I mean southern end of of of of Wukang Road, on the corner with uh you know know know know like Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian Hungarian Hungarian Hungarian - Slovak um like you know architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording recording recording recording so well you know started to begin and guitarist Kurt Kurt Kurt Kurt Ballou joined in on you know well like the project project project project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served as as as as like so okay an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the the the the Dan you know um well Quayle Center is located in in in in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, means Broken Broken Broken Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a a a a sour note, okay like so losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide like okay okay okay okay okay hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 2013 2013 2013 I mean so I mean World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could could could could also uh okay um be used as fusion reactor fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, or even assembled so like like into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Mohammed Ahmed Abdel I mean you know you know Karim El El El El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 ) is is is is uh well uh a Sudanese - born British actor, known known known known by the stage names so like uh Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province province province province like well you know latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- okay you know like 21 21 21 21 October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of okay okay okay okay okay you know the Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio radio radio radio technician Toni okay um well Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop anima Pop anima Pop anima Pop is is is is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, well okay okay okay okay like Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence of of of of uh like so Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up up up up in um well so Compton, California as the the the the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas well well well well uh so became too difficult for the small team to to to to like okay like complete; originally, the spider sequences were were were were to be present like like you know near the end end end end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, okay um like etc. 4 to 6 rounded rounded rounded rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the in the in the in the the the the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured like like like like like you know a scene in which Pee - wee Herman Herman Herman Herman knocks over okay well uh a row of of of of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the uh uh uh uh like uh angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has gorse has gorse has gorse has been used for for for for hedges and windbreaks on I mean I mean so so so so the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of okay I I I I mean um the late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 (1926 (1926 (1926 - 1998) like um like and Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas Casas Casas Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built built built built so I mean I mean entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to to to to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi big Boi big Boi big Boi Boi Boi Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on four four four four so okay well tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', Below', Below', Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division Division Division Division of Policy and like uh I mean Services Research at at at at the Andrus Center, and is the um um um um um like director of the National Resource Center on on on on Supportive so you know okay Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth peeth peeth peeth & so I mean uh also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Standard Standard Standard Time is measured, is um well uh about 20 20 20 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in so you you you you know okay a 2 -- 1 win against Port Port Port Port Vale at Vale Park okay you know uh on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively easy easy easy easy um I mean so to locate in the night night night night sky; if one okay you know I mean finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown song song song song so so uh first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to attempting to attempting to attempting to elude federal agents, agents, agents, agents, Nelson had hid out okay okay well in the isolated piny piny piny piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin I mean you know uh uh uh uh and bolstered by his new found status, Nelson uh like like like like so boasted a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American American American American football uh um um quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a a a a well so so messenger and prophet of God, and and and and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five five five five year jail you know uh well term and remanded to to to to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, uh uh uh uh uh okay and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient efficient efficient efficient in okay okay um extending basic needs to the poor poor poor poor than subsidizing supplies um well you know whose effectiveness in in in in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough so so so so you know um to allow a modest reconstruction of his his his his activities: he presided like so like over legal legal legal legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important like um um um um uh irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls it it it it I mean okay well an IOU and offers him him him him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', um I I I I mean well in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, Recordings, Recordings, Recordings, like I mean well whose cover features a woman's posterior posterior posterior posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian Texian Texian Texian militia on October so um like 2 in successfully successfully successfully successfully repelling the Mexican troops, and a 'Come 'Come 'Come 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have seen seen seen seen um I mean I mean a gentrification, with many many many many housing assessments doubling; yet many areas you know like you you you you know thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation Animation Animation Animation um so well Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data data data data sets, like uh well Ilesfay was founded in in in in Cincinnati, Ohio in um um um 2009 to meet meet meet meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law during law during law during law school, she she she she was the managing editor at uh you you you you know you know the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first first first first gained notice as okay well uh the moderator of a panel panel panel panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of of of of the uh you know you know entry of German troops troops troops troops into Ukraine and returned to the uh well well Kherson Kherson Kherson Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip is is is is like um okay mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize stabilize stabilize stabilize the temperature, and you know okay well by making small small small small adjustments to the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was was was was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which which which which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her so um um um um um Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of of of of Fire you know I mean so Services, a government agency directly directly directly directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched a you you you you know like uh mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the First First First First like well you know World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, Jutland, Jutland, Jutland, the largest so uh um naval battle of of of of the First World War and the you know know know know I mean so only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the okay okay okay okay so so turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was was was was um okay like operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to so so so so so well negotiate and the main channel has moved away away away away from so so I mean the cliffs, removing removing removing removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site the site the site the site includes includes includes includes basketball team forums as well as off uh like so so so so - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and on April April April April like you know uh 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live I live I live I live in in in in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by by by by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its as its as its as its first first first first club for students community Sir Motiur Rahman I mean like you you you you know suggested some of students to be active in this this this this regard um so um to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been been been been like I mean you know stripped, which the vast majority majority majority majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions these regions these regions these regions therefore had had had had a diverse range of different peoples so um like like like like and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently recently recently recently you know I mean so on March 4, 2007, emitting emitting emitting emitting a 1. 5 okay I mean um km high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms Arms Arms Arms on 27 you know okay uh March 1885 and and and and mobilized detachments for active service on okay so um um um um 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column like you know know know know you know of the North West Field Force, Force, Force, Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) scandium (III) scandium (III) scandium (III) oxide, Sc Sc Sc Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, so I mean like like like like is a high melting white solid used in high high high high I mean okay I mean - temperature systems (for its its its its resistance to heat and like um uh thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a you you you you know okay okay loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages like like like like like like of letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille homer Stille homer Stille homer Stille Cummings (April (April (April (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) uh like like like like well was a U. S. Political figure who most like like like like um like notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost 'Almost 'Almost 'Almost Capital of so um you know the World' for for for for always having an excuse on their you know know know know um uh shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives it receives it receives it receives administrative support support support support from the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions uh like like like like like Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years years years years okay you know like old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes minutes minutes minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as as as as um okay so a servant in the home of the the the the zamindar's obnoxious okay you know okay family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are they are they are they are yet to register a a a a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi politician from the Sunni um so okay Arab Arab Arab Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He okay okay okay okay um like also was the led of Reconciliation and and and and Liberation Bloc, like I mean I mean which held three three three three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School School School School in okay uh so Chicago, where administrators described him him him him as 'healthy' and you know I mean okay 'well - adjusted', adjusted', adjusted', adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and I I I I mean well I mean encompassed with a fence of of of of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout throughout throughout throughout Milton Keyns well uh um - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles well well well well uh um firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after after after after you know uh okay 2 - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, like okay um the company company company company she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year year year year to year, um like well and more contexts that that that that are designed to be engaging I mean like okay okay okay okay to students as they make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, coach, coach, coach, Brian well uh I mean Smith was sacked, and then - - - - assistant coach Stone uh well I mean was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to I mean mean mean mean well um Rome and smuggled to Israel by sea, where where where where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current the current the current the current Sheriff of of of of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is you know um I I I I mean still elected as is every other sheriff in in in in the state, I mean uh okay has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places places places places so uh you know to gather for programs and and and and meetings, serving over 950, 000 so um like visitors visitors visitors visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, men, men, men, reported 12 I mean um so killed, 57 wounded, and and and and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to to to to the you know so uh fence, his friends Walt Walt Walt Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began to contact media organizations organizations organizations organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain last Mountain was a a a a former federal electoral district you know like like represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is exporting is exporting is exporting is not not not not the only threat however; you know okay like some local people people people people have reportedly made a habit of killing uh uh uh uh so well these spiders in a nearly systematic way way way way using pesticides, um well uh pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as part well well well well well like of the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) (Western) (Western) (Western) Division, uh well uh and saw its first first first first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 okay okay okay okay so well and 42 days in Candé, Maine - et et et et - uh I mean so Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on well well well well like like November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, fire, fire, fire, Lorenzini well so like changes career and begins luring unruly unruly unruly unruly children to pleasure you know um I mean island, where where where where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are are are are also like you know um on full display, but the the the the album is most remarkable well okay uh for the intimacy intimacy intimacy intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt like okay okay okay okay okay taking the stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but okay okay okay okay well well there is no penalty for failure to comply comply comply comply with it okay uh uh and it is not not not not widely enforced -- indeed, the U. S I I I I mean uh um. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan was um you know okay removed from the investigation, investigation, investigation, investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and well um uh replaced by by by by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the um well um um um um officer responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking thinking thinking thinking uh uh I mean about and spending time with with with with the creature (played by Chris okay I mean so Fleming) or or or or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 between 1998 between 1998 between 1998 and 2004 2004 2004 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the I mean well well well well well initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in the the the the um um so South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - - - - um uh uh duty transit buses from 31 31 31 31 - feet to so so like 60 - - - - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- uh like like like like I mean achieving his best result, sixth, in 2001 -- -- -- -- and at um well like one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that okay okay okay okay I mean I mean Ace has disappeared somewhere in the the the the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to to to to collect more equipment, meanwhile on I mean so um um um um 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting starting starting starting material uh like so is much simpler than with with with with traditional organic solvents, merely by allowing I mean mean mean mean uh I mean it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools schools schools schools like so like in the world and represents represents represents represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert Robert Robert Robert Daniel well okay like Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of you you you you know I mean you know declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from I I I I mean you know um a holiday retreat in England England England England and named the town he um well I mean mean mean mean surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, okay uh uh uh uh um engineering, and natural sciences, a function of of of of a real variable you know okay uh is is is is a function whose domain is the real numbers uh okay okay okay okay so ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing doing doing doing this; the uh like okay potential predator may desist desist desist desist when it knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying an accompanying an accompanying an accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays you know okay okay okay okay um Ciara in Malibu, California featuring a male uh I I I I mean like actor who she is in love with with with with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of you you you you know well I mean hours I put into into into into going to places and taking uh okay um pictures of monuments monuments monuments monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the while the while the while the American cities cities cities cities prospered, the vast migration from rural I mean mean mean mean uh so areas and continued to neglect the US agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture industry created you know like um widespread financial financial financial financial despair among American farmers throughout the decade um um well and would would would would later be blamed as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a a a a so well you know telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, for for for for so like um the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an an an an older uh well um routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office failure like like like like so you know and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, Ball, Ball, Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by you you you you know like um Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced produced produced produced in well so you know the January general election, but but but but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and I mean mean mean mean like well Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ RJ RJ RJ well um well City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before before before before I mean so uh 1900... Farms and ranches speckled speckled speckled speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the the the the 1989 NCAA like so like Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a as a as a as a child, she she she she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary well okay okay and and and and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of of of of like um like 1970s based on the fact that marginalized I mean mean mean mean well like minorities were begin to participate and perform, perform, perform, perform, it was during okay uh I mean this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig van Gerbig van Gerbig van Gerbig had had had had planned to have the team play in well well I I I I mean a new arena in San Francisco, but the the the the arena never came to well okay I mean fruition, fruition, fruition, fruition, and the Seals played in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin cousin cousin cousin from like okay uh a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank bank bank bank well like you know of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the the the the west bank resides so well okay the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Vadakkeshwaram Vadakkeshwaram Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to to to to like I mean so pursue a degree in in in in Psychology course but in October 2016, well uh uh uh uh uh she confirms that will be studying at at at at Southville uh okay so International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties you you you you know well okay Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, Limerick, Limerick, Limerick, and Tipperary, and I mean I mean uh imposing a a a a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but but but but I mean okay um found lectures 'awful', and and and and left in 1978 without graduating uh I mean um um um um to attend the California Institute of Technology, the following I I I I mean uh um year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United United United United States well so okay Army was named interim President of of of of the Citadel, The Military okay well you know College of South Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina in August 1980 and then selected as so I mean mean mean mean okay the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in however, in however, in however, in certain activities, activities, activities, activities, such as the gathering of okay uh I mean mean mean mean heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job job job job is you know um so usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was cooinda was cooinda was cooinda was acquired by by by by Balgarnie and Martin at some okay so well well well well time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current in current in current in current studies studies studies studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria like so so so so you know generally don't harm the plant, but promote the formation formation formation formation of ice you know okay uh crystals, and some produce an an an an auxin hormone which promotes I mean you know so plant plant plant plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary the Secretary the Secretary the the the the Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities of of of of I mean um um the UAI, follows the progress progress progress progress of the various projects you know okay I mean mean mean mean and supports the Bureau in its handling of the um um um um um okay correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel I I I I mean so you know of the 96th Infantry Regiment of of of of the Grande Armée and so well you know know know know made officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' okay okay okay okay like uh Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at like like like like well uh Penn State and graduated in 1991 the creator well well well well like like and executive producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services so so so so well um to Smart Telecom, with the result that that that that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena Zareena Zareena Zareena well well like when they come to know know know know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked ranked ranked ranked okay you know you know No. 1 and No. 2, 2, 2, 2, respectively, which was the uh so you know know know know first time since 20 March 2011 that they they they they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an um uh uh uh uh so Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda you you you you know uh so County, California, United States that was was was was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released when released when released when released it was designed designed designed designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting shutting shutting shutting I mean you know um down in May, Atlus Atlus Atlus Atlus made another annoucment stating that the I mean so so so so well servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two like uh uh uh uh well - legged football fixture which took place on on on on I mean well um Wednesday, June 27 and July July July July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina so I mean like and and and and Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 today, 41 today, 41 today, 41 species are are are are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed okay okay okay okay you know um to Sony Music Japan consisting of of of of Yoshinori Satoh (lead I mean I mean you know vocals, vocals, vocals, vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers the mutineers the mutineers the mutineers were then then then then given their back pay, so well you know but but but but only after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their uh you you you you know I mean allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans musicians so um I mean back after Katrina, re-housing, creating creating creating creating employment for and acquiring um um I mean over a a a a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments to to to to I mean um um replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each each each each presenting okay so well a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave uh uh uh uh so you know the mall, closing its doors in 1993; 1993; 1993; 1993; this store I mean you know uh was soon soon soon soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, okay I mean um which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration concentration concentration concentration like okay uh camp prisoners and due to his his his his SS okay well um rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of instead of instead of instead of a banked banked banked banked oval track, a figure eight track like I mean I mean mean mean mean was used where one side heavily banked, and okay okay okay okay I mean so included obstacles such as the 'Wall of of of of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) has been creating okay well you know site - - - - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day dragon Day dragon Day dragon Day is an an an an annual event at Cornell University you know um like like like like that occurs in March, often in the week before Spring I I I I mean okay you know Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is is is is um uh like no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', which seems to well okay uh derive purely from the the the the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was so okay okay okay okay um occurring and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins zagreb's origins zagreb's origins zagreb's origins are are are are ancient and have been I mean well well influenced influenced influenced influenced by legend due to the absence of manuscripts or like like like like like well sufficient archaeological finds from those times; however, Zagreb Zagreb Zagreb Zagreb does well well you know have much recorded history, displaying displaying displaying displaying a continuity of urban okay uh I mean settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a a a a soldier I mean so so who has fought fought fought fought in many bloody battles only to um I mean like like like like return home to England as a beggar asking asking asking asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University of of of of um uh you know Florence and writes predominantly predominantly predominantly predominantly on Israel and the so like well Arab - - - - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably probably probably probably the biggest touch okay I mean you know screen display ever ever ever ever used in a Philippine television show uh I mean mean mean mean you know as well as a huge WAR (Wireless (Wireless (Wireless (Wireless Audience well like well Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was was was was uh um I mean hosted by El Salvador and and and and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora Sora Sora Sora and well I mean okay his friends whenever they they they they needed him, in the end um so uh uh uh uh the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for for for for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted depicted depicted depicted you know you know I mean as being less intelligent than than than than other characters on scripted television; to you know know know know so um avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used used used used well um you know by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge gorge gorge gorge walking can be uh you know okay dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed the Lockheed the Lockheed the Lockheed Constellation Constellation Constellation Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - like you know you you you you know driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but well uh uh uh uh um features 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a okay um um um um uh way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of you you you you know um you know Novara, and during World War War War War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november on november on november on november november november november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued uh like I I I I mean undefeated streak to 5 - 0 and and and and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 um I mean um - 64, 64, 64, 64, and became undisputed leader of group C. Marko Marko Marko Marko popovič uh um uh made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections projections projections projections (axons) uh I mean um extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular paraventricular paraventricular paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus okay okay like that secrete secrete secrete secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she she she she is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Millions multi-state multi-state multi-state multi-state I mean you know like lotto game, and features their own own own own Illinois Lotto (6 balls I mean like so so so so out of 52) with a smaller seven / eight - um um um um like so digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and so I I I I mean um Creative Designing in the most Creative and and and and Innovative way um like so. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, well okay okay okay okay you know and played four years of college soccer at at at at you know uh like Drexel University, before being drafted by by by by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape uh like um um um um scheme despite her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com Com Com Com member, they you know you know I mean mean mean mean also had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of okay okay okay okay so well ModelMayhem. Com users by warning users of uh uh uh uh like okay online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable I mean mean mean mean well so and usually resembles the substrate, which makes makes makes makes it well you know okay so - camouflaged camouflaged camouflaged camouflaged when stationary but more visible when it well like you you you you know moves about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee Committee Committee Committee on um I mean you know Federal Relations, Relations, Relations, Relations, a member of the Joint Committee um you know know know know I mean on Welfare Reform, a member of the Joint Joint Joint Joint Advisory um like so Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and and and and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is acharavi is acharavi is acharavi is is is is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, okay like like like like uh Greece, that belongs to the former community of of of of well so so Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and you know know know know I mean you know the Southwest Freeway was purchased, and and and and in 1999, the college became well well like nationally accredited accredited accredited accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating eating eating eating prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of like so so so so like the Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies studies studies studies so you know well at the Eastman School of Music of of of of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin and a like um um long fretless fingerboard, and is is is is played while seated in a um I mean uh chair, with with with with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling bottling bottling bottling contract like uh so in 1921, but, in part due due due due to the costs of uh well um rebranding, the price of of of of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on on on on August uh like like 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his his his his last against well um I mean Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned well uh uh uh uh I mean small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular popular popular popular uh uh um with black mine workers, it was from there there there there that Patrice Motsepe I mean like you know learnt basic basic basic basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, Milan, Milan, Milan, I mean uh so Italy in 1790, generously on loan to to to to him from the German you know like so foundation Deutsche Stiftung Stiftung Stiftung Stiftung Musikleben since he was named a prize winner in in in in so um so March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August on August on August on August August August August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with well okay uh uh uh uh Television X Pay - Per - Night on you you you you know I mean I mean Sky and on the the the the same day it was taken okay I mean you you you you know off of Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry the rivalry the rivalry the rivalry rivalry rivalry rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), like okay um which which which which was fought as the contest of succession between Western okay well well well well well court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration well you you you you know uh is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', I I I I mean like okay prospect for gold in various various various various locations in the U like well okay. S. , s s s s. , s. , s. , and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when when when when you know so uh her editor Robert Loomis Loomis Loomis Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', well uh like she she she she has been best known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents while adolescents while adolescents while adolescents strive strive strive strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to okay um well parents parents parents parents of what their child is doing on social social social social media well uh you know sites is a challenging subject, subject, subject, subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on on on on average its performance I mean like okay is or or or or even depending on the random distribution I mean uh uh uh uh uh on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and and and and I mean well like Harrogate College and became the the the the youngest Mayor in the country in I mean you know I I I I mean 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is okay well um um um um an Indian telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Robert S. Robert S. Robert S. Huff Huff Huff Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U okay so um um um um. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the the the the um like well California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, District, District, District, which well uh like includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have okay okay okay okay okay you know used the character, sometimes with great results results results results -- for example, okay like okay the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February February February February 22nd 2003 so I mean um against Philly San at at at at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona well well well well I mean um Yard for preservation; however, the the the the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, as such, as such, as such, it is rightly rightly rightly rightly described as a I mean I mean okay common common common common symptom, and may even be the third most okay well you know know know know common trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth okay okay so decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from from from from um um like doing so, but Jerry just pats him him him him on the head I mean I mean uh again, then blows blows blows blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in in in in 1986, well okay I mean Pito Salas invented a next next next next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per so like like like like like acre of land to confuse male insects about the um um um um well okay location of their female partners, it can thus serve serve serve serve um you know you know as a lure in traps traps traps traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; truce; truce; truce; it okay like I mean was a shortlived Hmong Hmong Hmong Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned uh I mean uh an artillery artillery artillery artillery bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at like so okay Khang Khay Khay Khay Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - I mean mean mean mean well you know free resultant which it is useful useful useful useful both conceptually I mean like like and practically, because because because because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he you know know know know okay so was awarded the Medal of Honor for his his his his actions at well you know so the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one in in in in Wales, um okay well which is part of the the the the military is wholly you know like uh Govenment Govenment Govenment Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft um I I I I mean so crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and and and and a staircase leads you know so like to to to to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from from from from um so uh Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple the pineapple the pineapple the pineapple ( ( ( ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical plant um okay so so so so with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science the Science the Science the Science Olympiad Olympiad Olympiad Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and a um um um um okay you know non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India India India India which okay you know uh promotes science, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was was was was a prominent you know uh so Ukrainian Bundist Bundist Bundist Bundist and after 1919 an official of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Luther okay well um um um um King, Jr. Gave his gave his gave his gave gave gave gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored well well well well like uh in its architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of of of of you know um you know the few places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke Burke Burke Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those those those those um I mean well who were also depicted with with with with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain brain brain brain. Then like okay you know Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur the fleur the fleur the fleur de lis lis lis lis in the lower left like like okay corner represents the the the the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving uh like um um um um for excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a a a a well well you know ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's Staller's Staller's Staller's father, that okay well I mean is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 1944 1944 1944 in okay um you know Chicago, IL and has has has has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new new new new well um uh version of IChat, based on the the the the industry - standard okay uh um Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for for for for the uh I mean so first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial commercial commercial commercial I mean like I mean operations, including programs where where where where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, she has has has has been chair of the Tate Members Council um so so so so you know and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, Slean teamed teamed teamed teamed up with video director Nelson so okay like like like like Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a a a a you know like like three part short film film film film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play Play Play Play TV um like well in 2008, while studying studying studying studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane you you you you know like you know with no power source, which is is is is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration Migration Migration Migration so um um suggests that between 10, 000 and and and and 25, 000 Sudanese are you know I mean mean mean mean I mean living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of of of of like well like 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new the new the new the new Decatur gym was was was was necessary to house the crowds packing uh uh uh uh uh uh in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase chase chase chase his um so like fourth state title at the helm of of of of the Stephen you know so I mean mean mean mean Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about uh uh uh uh I mean uh a young boy, who dies and then then then then his favourite math you know you know I I I I mean teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was was was was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American well well well well like well country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without without without without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their their their their actual well okay um birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, you you you you know uh okay after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two two two two majer um okay okay roads, a fortifcation is is is is said to have been at like well okay the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by so so so so well uh an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn Willis Willis Willis Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American you know um um um um you know actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season season season season 20 winner, uh like you know the oldest oldest oldest oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August on August on August on August August August August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive well okay you you you you know Knowles Hornbrook who helped him with his work, work, work, work, acting uh you know so as a skilled technician, technician, technician, technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is stephanie is stephanie is stephanie is Belle's madame madame madame madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to to to to a sickly um like I mean Maid Marian who is is is is pregnant and ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin so so like not to to to to leave a child fatherless; the okay um okay arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with um okay okay okay okay like the Bishop Museum and spent the next 60 60 60 60 years roaming uh um like the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at at at at like like like his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - time substitute substitute substitute substitute so uh okay for Luke Howell in a 2 -- -- -- -- 2 away draw I mean so okay with Exeter City City City City on 8 March 2014 before being like well well well well well recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at arriving at arriving at arriving at the coast coast coast coast the man goes to scavenge what so so um um um um he can on a beached ship, leaving his son son son son to keep I mean well well watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' and like uh uh 'Parody' and, eponymously, the the the the game is a parody of like you know well the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed printed printed printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to to to to his you know like like family genealogy, through research research research research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he previously, he previously, he previously, he was was was was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing s. Managing s s s s. Managing s. Managing Editor uh like you know and and and and before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European so so I I I I mean edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed briefed briefed briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing the hindwing the hindwing the hindwing is in in in in the apical half of the I mean um okay okay okay okay cell and short apically truncate streaks in the uh uh uh uh you know like interspaces beyond white; these broad streaks streaks streaks streaks broad are divided so um um only by the the the the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug ahug ahug ahug is a form of physical physical physical physical intimacy, that usually you know I mean you you you you know involves closing or holding the arms arms arms arms around the neck, back, um like you know or or or or waist of another person; if more than two persons persons persons persons are um like like involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can so so so so uh so not continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with with with with um well um added enzymes to modify and transform their their their their chemical composition and pH um um okay. Invertases and invertases and and and and invertases and invertases and s into honey by a process of of of of regurgitation, so um well a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former former former former well I mean uh water polo player who won a a a a silver medal well um I mean for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where um um um um I mean um her daughter and nominator Janis lives; lives; lives; lives; she breaks down so I mean well entirely on the the the the highway, even going so far I mean so like like like like as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team team team team for I mean well you know his own ends ends ends ends while the original Heat attempted to protect okay okay well well well well her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while okay okay okay okay okay well linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, okay I I I I mean so and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that that that that the state would well um okay be unconstitutional without a a a a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and and and and well I mean um they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and scenes and scenes and scenes and studies studies studies studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 so well like A A A A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote you know I I I I mean I mean 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued argued argued argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the the the the Funnelbeaker culture named after I mean uh um um um um the shape of their typical clay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one one one one of uh you know I mean the greatest taxidermy firms in in in in the world, apart from P like like well. A. Morris' studies, studies, studies, studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and you you you you know um um cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric turmeric turmeric turmeric leaves. Konkani people prepare um so well patolyos on on on on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size um um um um I mean I mean and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born (born (born (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic so you know so footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa Africa Africa Africa and grew uh uh uh up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey bartlett Laffey bartlett Laffey bartlett Laffey (1841 (1841 (1841 (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in Ireland, you know know know know so well he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 17 17 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two two two two cats you know well okay and a mortgage making it it it it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she like like like like you know okay wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb I mean like um Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator like like like like like um Maxfield Parrish, who designed and built his estate, estate, estate, estate, okay well well the Oaks, in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist artist artist artist Nicki Minaj um like like and American singer - - - - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this this this this time, you know uh I mean much of the language language language language and traditions had been either corrupted or you know um um um um uh lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse in 'Chapterhouse 'Chapterhouse 'Chapterhouse 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen to well well well well like so serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with with with with Tamalane and um so like Dortujla to meet the the the the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head head head head coach you know I mean like and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction in large like like like like like I mean ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is there is there is there is is is is no clear evidence of other adverse like like like like like you know effects from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped dropped dropped dropped um I mean well out of high school, and began began began began working as a uh you know uh uh uh uh gas station attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked for for for for follow - so uh okay up action to to to to the president of the college but I mean like like like like I mean Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, From 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains contains contains contains okay like you know 135 flats, of offices, shops, a a a a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine however, Francine however, Francine however, Francine Francine Francine Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and uh uh uh uh so okay express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, affairs, affairs, affairs, though they so okay so also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 3 3 3 June you know um you know 2010 and was released released released released as the third and final so so like single single single single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company the company the company the company was was was was founded in 1859 by James Greaves Greaves Greaves Greaves and um you know okay George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a record record record record okay uh like of 13 times and they they they they are second overall with so okay I mean mean mean mean 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 1983 1983 1983 and 1986, I mean uh okay lasting seven seven seven seven issues, and it filled an important role okay you know know know know uh at the time, giving new creators a chance chance chance chance uh you know okay to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets his duets his duets his duets and collaborations collaborations collaborations collaborations both on stage and in the so I mean like studio studio studio studio with other artists have been extensive and he has has has has I mean um um worked with the likes of Brigitte Brigitte Brigitte Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations constellations constellations constellations like like okay listed by the 2nd century astronomer astronomer astronomer astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić Hristić Hristić Hristić (née Joanides), you know you know okay was the mother mother mother mother of son of King Milan Obrenović, I mean mean mean mean um like George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My well you you you you know so 59', the show can be seen for thirty minutes minutes minutes minutes and okay I mean I mean competes with another half - - - - hour production airing at the uh well like same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, well well well well um okay that in the nativity scene the the the the statue of the baby like uh I mean Jesus shows him standing standing standing standing and there are three crosses depicted you know so um with with with with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at um uh well well well well least) with some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, well um um and nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County County County County was um okay like formed and a year later it was was was was renamed I mean um like the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy and has expanded its uh so uh uh uh uh area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and okay well well church church church church in Blackpool, while in the Lake District village village village village I mean you know you know of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and academic courses courses courses courses well well uh which can be taken at at at at various academic and vocational uh uh I mean levels from from from from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three so so so so I mean okay - year, $ 60 million contract contract contract contract extension instead so I mean like of the the the the four year maximum as it well okay like like like like allotted him the option of seeking a new contract worth more more more more you know uh well money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the in the in the in the the the the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under I mean mean mean mean so so the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of of of of Genghis I mean well like Khan, had again been successful successful successful successful in briefly capturing Syria um um uh from the the the the Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural architectural architectural architectural themes of I mean um uh the city, city, city, city, including Native American, art deco, and contemporary I mean uh uh uh uh I mean styles, making heavy use of swirling circular circular circular circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players players players players you know like uh and would have been lost when when when when it nearly met its okay well uh end in the 1830s 1830s 1830s 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort is an unincorporated community in in in in DeSoto County, Florida, United you know well um States, located located located located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football is the the the the official name for Australian rules football, the okay so so code code code code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from from from from the well so okay University of Southern California in 1948, 1948, 1948, 1948, established so you know I mean his golf course architecture architecture architecture architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya Kenya Kenya Kenya um so you know and Mauritius, her mother was a a a a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese as Chinese as Chinese as Chinese students believe believe believe believe that American credentials can expand okay you know well their their their their career opportunities these students expect that a degree from a uh uh uh uh um uh prestigious college in the United States will will will will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced produced produced produced like I mean okay by neutron irradiation of uranium uranium uranium uranium in nuclear reactors and the vast um I mean mean mean mean so majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British the British the British the British Royal Royal Royal Royal Navy took her into service as HMS uh like like like like okay 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular popular popular popular ship; when well uh you know she came to to to to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in you you you you know like uh 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist linguist linguist linguist and previous so you know like Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held held held held in uh okay I mean the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the the the the first units of um uh like the United States Marines Marines Marines Marines Corps to participated in a um I mean I mean helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the in the in the in the 2007 film film film film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark uh okay so Steven Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze I mean mean mean mean you know okay / Ghost Rider, Blackheart is is is is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the well I mean uh uh uh uh main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a a a a uh I mean uh New Zealand politician and leader of the populist populist populist populist New Zealand like you know um First party which he he he he founded in 1993, and served as well you know know know know like the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and okay okay okay okay you know I mean made the highest score of of of of his career, his 307 beating um okay like Frank Frank Frank Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in 1911 - - - - um like like 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location of so so so so you know okay the bandstand demolished during the second second second second world war, and so so I mean as part of the the the the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's caliph's caliph's caliph's palace, uh um uh fits another stereotype: that of Muslim Muslim Muslim Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright okay okay okay okay okay okay spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from from from from uh like well the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 you you you you know okay so million and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - - - - Defense and uh so um raising her daughter Erika, Brown Brown Brown Brown worked on her so um um memoirs, A Taste of of of of Power, and eventually returned to the I mean um um um um um struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari like like like like okay um or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, in Ethiopia, in Ethiopia, in Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered sheltered sheltered sheltered lee of I mean um uh the Bonaire, has has has has the same geological history, and uh um like while while while while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, you you you you know okay like on December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in in in in the I mean um like North East of England England England England and Scotland, in addition like you know so to a lot lot lot lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, well like uh including school school school school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten okay okay okay okay like well ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city the city the city the city was was was was founded in the early 20th century, and since you you you you know okay so the 1980s has been been been been continually enlarged by Egyptian and foreign well well you know investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of because of because of because of poor poor poor poor transportation connections with the rest of Oregon, the well so so so so so early economic orientation of Lake County was toward like well well well well so California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the so so so so I mean uh 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, meanwhile, Glorificus, meanwhile, Glorificus, meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell hell hell hell - goddess who was exiled from so um um um um okay her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside uh well well well well um the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care I mean mean mean mean like okay institution in Pakistan was conceived in New York, York, York, York, USA so um I mean in the mid of 1985. After After After After consistent discussions and meet ups, the so like well present present present present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held held held held Hemingstone uh um uh manor in Suffolk and 30 30 30 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation the plantation the plantation the plantation also also also also had a 24 foot, one well I mean uh uh uh uh room business office with several windows and a like uh uh uh uh um fireplace used by Dr. This also served as a a a a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar another similar another similar another similar archway archway archway archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' uh uh uh uh okay I mean Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by by by by the same Testaferrata uh like like family but was demolished demolished demolished demolished in 1989 and the exact location it so okay okay okay okay okay stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October October October October 23, you know um like 1884, starting out as as as as a weekly newspaper, after the paper uh well well well well like was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches teaches teaches teaches you know so so at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as as as as well well like her lover, and used her as a messenger, messenger, messenger, messenger, asking her well uh well to make contact with his his his his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, captain, captain, captain, okay I mean um but he was replaced as Test captain by by by by Jardine, who was uh so you know not a popular popular popular popular choice; the selectors chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is so so so so so I mean from Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek Greek Greek Greek heritage through you know you know like her grandfather Louis, who immigrated immigrated immigrated immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the the the the well um um feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability okay okay okay okay well you know to maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was um um um um like so appointed captain in the newly formed U U U U. S. Navy in you know okay um 1794, and during during during during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and and and and commune okay okay like of north - western France, in the 'département' 'département' 'département' 'département' okay well um of Côtes - d'Armor, on the the the the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al tell al tell al tell al - Rimah is is is is located in Nineveh uh okay you know Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three three three three schools: the School like you know like of Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health uh um um um um so Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace you you you you know uh okay imposes its presence on its surroundings surroundings surroundings surroundings in an expression of so you know um the the the the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of the the the the like I mean you know same title created by Len Wein Wein Wein Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It I I I I mean like um can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent silent silent silent films, like like um silhouettes have been used to dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic effect in many movies, I mean like well including including including including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail retail retail retail I mean okay um trade sector have 13 13 13 13 % of the population working well you know well well well well within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son I mean mean mean mean okay uh Roger were all aboard the balloon; the the the the two adults so you know okay died when the balloon balloon balloon balloon crashed in a sparsely - so I mean um populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 the 22 the 22 the 22 22 22 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles um um um um you know I mean Tilleard Natusch and built built built built by Russell and Bignell in like I mean like 1906 at a a a a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with uh uh uh uh so you know a special 'god - killing' bullet (the (the (the (the kind that was you know like you know used used used used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or not the the the the well like uh bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz um um um um okay you know Berggruen whom she met in the city, city, city, city, she and Rivera okay so um reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry on on on on um okay um television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is is is is loosely based well you know I mean on Kate Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' um um um and and and and tells the story of a talented orphan's trials like like like like um okay and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Academy okay uh I mean Group 1 Champion in 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing like like like like I mean well video game for the PlayStation 2 2 2 2 developed by Atlus, well um you know published by Atlus Atlus Atlus Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San well you you you you know like Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father father father father you know okay okay of Brenda Jenkins, and the the the the entire Jenkins' clan lives uh um so in a Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with with with with well okay I mean the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury injury injury injury and I mean so like was unable to play the the the the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia Australia Australia Australia you know well you know along with the 9th 9th 9th 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on you know like like like like I mean 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view view view view I mean like I mean of the insect as as as as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that I mean you know you you you you know insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B B B B. C.) Emporer well so so Jing established an administration administration administration administration in Dangyang on an areas of like I mean mean mean mean um 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love you know know know know like so with Susan Storm, she tried to to to to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist I I I I mean so well blessed items, which is originated, used for for for for raising fund in I mean so like order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger okay like like like like um -- actor and former Governor of California as host; the you you you you know so well show's former host, Donald Trump, stated stated stated stated he opted to leave well like okay 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they there they there they there they met met met met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the you know well well well well you know U. S. Marines, who had recently recently recently recently been driven out of uh I mean so so so so Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along along along along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active um um um um uh so in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, and well so like is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the the the the well um you know Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in in in in 1933, founded the Metropolitan uh um so Opera Opera Opera Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it it it it okay I mean uh but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such some, such some, such some, such as Heathrow Heathrow Heathrow Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, um you know I mean are are are are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder founder founder founder you know you know uh and the first senior bishop bishop bishop bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal I mean uh I mean mean mean mean Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in like like like like well um 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the like uh uh uh uh so number of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are roses are roses are roses are are are are a favored subject in art and appear in portraits, portraits, portraits, portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing okay like um um um um the Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming swimming swimming swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being being being being so weak well uh I mean can't open the lip gloss; gloss; gloss; gloss; in a montage of well uh I mean clips clips clips clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, so so so so like uh etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced um you know know know know well by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- you you you you know well well 61 season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino uh um like professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic geographic geographic geographic place name well well so between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of of of of so so you know the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million million million million Jews well okay um left Eastern Europe which which which which at the time about three quarters um like so of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the the the the you know like I mean chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley like like like like I mean I mean 'Shortly after the team published its its its its first results like okay you know in 1940, Fleming Fleming Fleming Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of so so so so so well department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet comet comet comet or like um uh meteorite impact event located in between or or or or to the east of uh you know you know Madagascar Madagascar Madagascar Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his in his in his in his paper, Smith Smith Smith Smith describes the technique of induced values, I mean I mean mean mean mean well the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' Books' Books' Books' (1875 like you know so - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was he was he was he was eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen years old when his father um so well died, died, died, died, and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving on leaving on leaving on leaving leaving leaving leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book okay I mean uh uh uh uh - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced you you you you know okay I mean himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in so I mean mean mean mean uh Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and I I I I mean okay you know the cemetery although it is now officially officially officially officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 1964 1964 1964 so um I mean and entered Michigan State University, University, University, University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace okay okay okay okay okay um owned by Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives lives lives lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi so well uh Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in 1956; 1956; 1956; 1956; so I mean you know nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores ores ores ores um like like by the Kroll and Hunter process process process process es. The okay so you know most common compound, compound, compound, compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and and and and disarms Goodspeed, I mean you know like but Goodspeed convinces convinces convinces convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington antony Barrington antony Barrington antony antony antony antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January you you you you know uh so 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding um um um um um I mean a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The The The The first animals were I mean uh okay born in the the the the water, by the influence of the sun like you know so so so so. Aetios V aetios V aetios V aetios V 19, 19, 19, 19, 4 The human being was so okay well supposed supposed supposed supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married wooster married wooster married wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church you know know know know you know I mean named 'Iglesia de Piedra' Piedra' Piedra' Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of you know um so its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Gerald Gerald Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre okay uh okay on August 28, 2014 2014 2014 2014 (in previews) and officially well you know like like like like on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the I I I I mean you know well Department of English and and and and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set at, well well well well um you know for example, 15 ° relative to to to to the apparent wind, the like you know well effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation this Curation this Curation this Curation Toolbar is is is is available to editors for any page well uh um um um um listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair I mean okay okay okay okay uh salt is a colourless to white (although often often often often coloured so like like by impurities, like like like like iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous uh um like to to to to needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found so so so so so so on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first its first its first its first parade was was was was held May 5, 1868, and the town has so like like like like you know held it every year since; however, the the the the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p you you you you know like okay. 55 A reportedly cruel ruler; he had had had had great pride uh um so of himself and and and and used to burn whoever opposes okay I mean so so so so him with fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative you know like like like like so chitinases related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Horton Horton Horton Plains well you know uh in the Central Highlands Highlands Highlands Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed well so so so so well BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing okay okay okay okay okay I mean the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life to to to to so okay you know Live' all - time romantic couple couple couple couple by magazine so so you know 'Soaps In Depth', Depth', Depth', Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during during during during the life well um like of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Allayhi Allayhi Allayhi Wasalaam) number of adherents okay well so of Islam has lived lived lived lived in Asia and specially South and well so I mean Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 okay okay okay okay okay um locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series series series series okay I mean well of 'The X Factor Australia', Australia', Australia', Australia', covered it in his I mean like like debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won he won he won he won the silver silver silver silver medal in the high jump behind okay like you know know know know Irving Baxter of the United States, and the bronze medal medal medal medal in uh uh okay the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein Kraenzlein Kraenzlein Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, so okay you know he also finished finished finished finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha Cha Cha Cha - uh I mean like Jua, Helen A. Neville Page Page Page Page 211 - 226 The like uh uh Committee for for for for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in securing you know uh uh uh uh uh the right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak in in in in you know I mean I mean Division 1 College College College College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, orbit, orbit, orbit, it may approach you know I mean mean mean mean okay Earth on March 16, 2880, though the the the the mean trajectory okay so I mean passes many millions of kilometers kilometers kilometers kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; popular; popular; popular; the well um I mean books sell more more more more than a million copies annually, several you know so so so so well new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to to to to know um so uh what to do? ' ' ' ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the uh um okay informant informant informant informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he well um um um um um ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it it it it was the so you know okay first permanent permanent permanent permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards soon okay okay well well well well abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried tried tried tried BRD, okay well I mean and another editor attempted a a a a partial rollback, and an RfC, like you know know know know okay then when that didn't work, we worked on draft draft draft draft um uh so material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed speed speed speed I mean um um chase approaching the Burbank, California California California California shopping center, which ultimately like uh so ends with with with with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team team team team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units the units the units the units facing facing facing facing either south or west have terraces uh like like or balconies balconies balconies balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but but but but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer producer producer producer for FM like like um Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - you know know know know so you know 1860) in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, death, death, death, the uh well so couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in in in in like you know like Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to adjacent to adjacent to adjacent adjacent adjacent adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - class class class class I mean so so residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English English English English actress, best uh you know uh known for her role as as as as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in like so so so so so New York City, United States; however, the brand okay okay okay okay um so is far more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to the the the the like I mean like mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning returning returning returning the next year to so so um Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of of of of Abu Ghraib prison which was I mean I mean well the the the the site of abuse and executions of political dissidents under you you you you know okay like Saddam Hussein and the torture and and and and abuse of prisoners by you know I mean well members of of of of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated as translated as translated as translated into English, English, English, English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: okay okay uh the the the the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt scott Halberstadt scott Halberstadt scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 17, 17, 17, 1976 in okay I mean like Connersville, Indiana) Indiana) Indiana) Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best okay well well well well well known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators um um um um um I mean and Designers Association in 1966 and and and and after merging I mean so you know with the the the the International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by over over over over I mean uh I mean 17, 000 people, who paid paid paid paid up to $ 50 uh uh okay for tickets to to to to the event, including J. P like I mean like. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard (born (born (born (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian football uh uh uh uh like uh running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 26 26 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, in Australia, in Australia, in Australia, men's men's men's men's rights discourse has influenced government policy documents; okay uh uh uh uh well less impact has been noted in the the the the United well I mean I mean Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October so um um um um like 28, 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault Hault Hault Hault de okay well like Lassus de St. Vrain, was a major fur fur fur fur trader so so you know near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A doctrine I I I I mean um uh which originates in the degradation of the the the the individual I mean you know um whose elimination elimination elimination elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes okay so uh uh uh uh economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning the meaning the meaning the meaning meaning meaning meaning of each of them can be represented by you know you you you you know I mean a certain fuzzy set. One might define define define define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, I I I I mean um okay a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen performed live on Giel well I mean okay Beelen ´ ´ ´ ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer footballer who played well well um in the 1930s, playing at at at at representative level for England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately approximately approximately approximately so um okay forty square mile town twent - - - - four hours I mean so I mean a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through I I I I mean uh like the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, fighter, fighter, fighter, okay uh you know who played a key role during during during during the freedom movement, was so uh okay closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family well I I I I mean well was first recognized by the crown during during during during the reign like um you know of Henry Henry Henry Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, an okay like you know organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev you you you you know like well. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and I I I I mean like uh lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that that that that he was uh I mean okay actually promised a return return return return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is it is it is it is uncertain as as as as to whether he served in the like uh so Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was he was he was he he he he was the first Mormon to be a major okay okay okay okay I mean well party presidential nominee, but lost the the the the election to Barack Obama by like I mean like like like like 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is um um um um uh uh a retired Swedish ice hockey player who uh uh uh uh uh okay played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the when the when the when the Second World World World World War broke out in September 1939 so uh like like like like Ireland was in no position to become involved, in um um um um um well fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts parts parts parts of the infectious you know so well disease disease disease disease and public health community, in the US particularly particularly particularly particularly um well so their professional organizations like the the the the IDSA, the PIDS so like uh and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was was was was so like you know an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May I I I I mean um okay 2017) was an American American American American former competition swimmer, American Olympic you know uh so champion, champion, champion, champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former okay uh I I I I mean world record - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered covered covered covered on well okay okay the original BBC Radio 5; 5; 5; 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New Zealand) Zealand) Zealand) Zealand) is you know uh okay a New Zealand professional basketball basketball basketball basketball player who currently so you know okay plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in so so so so so well 1883 by the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity Trinity Trinity Trinity schoolroom, like like um in West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and and and and um well uh they are not a recognized recognized recognized recognized pure - breed uh okay so in the Australian Canine Canine Canine Canine Council, however Old Farmers and like well so specialist breeders breeders breeders breeders keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife uh um okay okay okay okay Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home home home home okay you know so in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart um um uh to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart gave him, saying, um well well ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is is is is a failure well I mean I mean as businessman and and and and has steered the catering business bestowed to him well uh uh uh uh like by his father to the brink of bankruptcy; he he he he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend defend defend defend okay um so it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of of of of return um I mean you know (ERR) is a a a a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined combined combined combined I mean um um with his distinctive posing styles styles styles styles makes Kamali a sought out bodybuilder okay I mean mean mean mean well for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured featured featured featured like I mean I mean in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles titles titles titles um um like on the ITF Women's Circuit and and and and has reached the final okay well so of the 2014 2014 2014 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne okay okay uh uh uh uh and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been whaling whaling whaling whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard aboard aboard aboard the like like uh 'Black Pearl' as the crew crew crew crew abandons the ship, and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), I I I I mean well like the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, television, television, television, you know okay so film, stage and voice actress who who who who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some some some some of his you know okay so subject material; for example, his his his his treatment of Crete um you know okay has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and and and and uh so uh performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented like like well well well well in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, I I I I mean I mean uh believed to have been run by the the the the Bachwezi dynasty in you know okay I mean the the the the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to to to to make like uh uh an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian professional ice uh you know so hockey player, who is is is is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN CNN CNN CNN International, you know so okay based at CNN CNN CNN CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm audit firm audit firm audit firm Nexia Nexia Nexia Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise so um uh in in in in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and so so so so okay you know grabs Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking decking decking decking uh okay okay and Alex imtandly follows after a gun shot shot shot shot is heard when she okay well so gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after named after named after named after its primary primary primary primary product, a web application Less Annoying I I I I mean uh okay CRM, also known as LACRM which is is is is a customer relationship well like uh management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and and and and rebuilt uh you know okay in the 1760s by by by by Bishop John Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was haw was haw was haw was born in Woodford Woodford Woodford Woodford Green in the London you know well okay Borough Borough Borough Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the the the the four fighters, you know um well the Nameless Sanzo has has has has plush toy armies made of okay like um captured human human human human souls (that were considred bad) that uh uh I mean would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first united's first united's first united's first internationals internationals internationals internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael uh so like Whitham Whitham Whitham Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 March 1892 like like like like okay I mean and the most recent player to be be be be capped while so uh um with United was another defender, Lecsinel Lecsinel Lecsinel Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and and and and final well so you know season with the Silvertips; he he he he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and and and and settles so so I mean into Ferndale High High High High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between between between between okay um okay the two tours, winning twice on on on on the Nationwide Tour, you know uh um and finishing twelfth twelfth twelfth twelfth on the money list to regain you know so so his his his his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, the the the the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may may may may uh so okay be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 in 1935 in 1935 in 1935 the AKC changed changed changed changed the name of the breed to um well like Staffordshire Staffordshire Staffordshire Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show well well well well like like - offs, and can not resist resist resist resist shaping themselves to spell uh uh so the the the the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation locata Corporation locata Corporation locata Corporation is a a a a privately held technology company based okay I mean okay okay okay okay in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system I I I I mean okay uh that government, commercial and other organizations use use use use to okay so um determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan samarth Pratishthan samarth Pratishthan samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ समर्थ समर्थ समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The so I mean mean mean mean uh aim is to communicate to do a good good good good okay well uh cultural, social activities and make make make make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th 15th 15th 15th September well well well 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a a a a Sweden based businessman like uh uh of Indian origin, origin, origin, origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she when she when she when she died in 1641 1641 1641 1641 there was a memorial I mean you know okay brass brass brass brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which includes includes includes includes I mean okay well a picture of her in a a a a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is is is is like like well next to him, feels the the the the cat's head and grabs um okay well an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities high velocities high velocities high velocities can can can can cause light pellets to deform or even break apart I I I I mean like okay and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti 'Sutti 'Sutti 'Sutti um like uh Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is said said said said uh well uh to be found, for example the the the the antenna mentioned above okay I mean well which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, inger Berggren, inger Berggren, inger Berggren, born 23 23 23 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a Swedish you know okay uh uh uh uh singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later well okay um sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests suggests suggests suggests okay uh like twelve were killed during the The The The The War of Power, due okay so um to arousing the the the the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that okay I I I I mean well there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear uh okay so supposedly trained trained trained trained by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul you know know know know okay um having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by by by by Junius W. Stevens okay so well (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee I mean I mean I mean was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was was was was um um uh granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on on on on December I mean so well 15, 2009 and uses photos, photos, photos, photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck Jones was a a a a Fellow of the British well uh okay Academy, an an an an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their their their their first well so I mean original sitcom; in in in in 'Playing Shop', the two star as okay so okay Eric and and and and Jamie, friends who set up a I mean so you you you you know business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 9, 9, 9, 971 votes well like uh (10 percent), just behind behind behind behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth - place um okay like like like like candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and and and and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), (APP), (APP), (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution well I mean mean mean mean I mean under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Chennai. Serves students uh um you know in and and and and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon dropped dropped dropped dropped out of her course and um okay like started started started started an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, so you know well and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at you you you you know like um Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at at at at Aqueduct you know I mean I mean Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack in 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 so I mean mean mean mean um to 1969 it moved to Belmont Park on Long Long Long Long Island uh well so where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return return return return thoughts to you know you know uh the limerent object object object object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World World World World War uh um so when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied occupied occupied occupied Europe, this was well well okay the flight leader's instruction to to to to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last uh uh uh uh well so player selected in the NFL draft, draft, draft, draft, and it so uh I mean is a parody parody parody parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester you you you you know uh um Poetry Prize in 2010, with with with with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and so I mean um Daljit Daljit Daljit Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the second uh uh uh uh so uh Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod well I I I I mean so in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden laden laden laden okay like um boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker tanker tanker tanker and I mean so uh detonated, catching the vessel vessel vessel vessel on fire and spewing approximately well like uh 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in in in in 2008 um so uh and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the the the the well okay uh city of Long Beach, California and features features features features a collection of I mean uh you know over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary um um so Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild 'Wild 'Wild 'Wild West' era that like I mean like allowed the the the the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the the the the new like I mean um Arizona 9th congressional district district district district after redistricting, but instead chose um um like to to to to run in the newly configured 6th district, where like like like like okay like he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between uh uh uh uh okay okay 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the the the the municipality of Trent uh you know so established the the the the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal so I I I I mean okay to the citizens in which they expressed expressed expressed expressed the okay I mean well wish that the the the the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, oratorios, oratorios, oratorios, like so so and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most most most most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko (Kouko) you know um well Okada, using the the the the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by by by by Pekka Sarvas, okay so okay and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent acaulescent acaulescent acaulescent so um so or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a I I I I mean I mean like sickly, distorted amalgamation of of of of human and fly, Martin's mutation okay uh I mean turned turned turned turned him into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to to to to you know you know um his insect heritage being being being being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC you know okay you you you you know Symphony Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became um um um um uh well a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it it it it um I mean uh the Anchor Line of Steam Steam Steam Steam Packet and commissioned a well well well pennant for for for for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the the the the television sitcom um you know well 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was was was was launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was was was was the like you know so man to lead and entry to to to to Tibet might be possible well okay I mean mean mean mean because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to to to to recognize I mean okay you know some of the most most most most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) Rochdale) Rochdale) Rochdale) is okay you know well an English professional rugby league league league league footballer who played in I mean I mean uh uh uh uh the 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and and and and at uh so you know club level for for for for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie when Charlie when Charlie when Charlie found found found found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January on January on January on January 2, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that it you know know know know well um will have some of its mobile phones made made made made in India, like I mean well and that its two two two two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of university of university of university of North North North North Carolina at Chapel Hill School uh you know like of of of of Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath operation Fath operation Fath operation Fath - ol - - - - Mobeen was A succesful like um like operation by Iran to to to to retake the Dezful - Shush area you know you know okay okay okay okay after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was was was was her I mean um like last rock - oriented album album album album of the 1980s, before like well you know she she she she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music amusic amusic amusic video for their song 'The 'The 'The 'The Big Picture' um you know okay was made, but the only only only only member of the band featured well so so so so so was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure so um um um um uh from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a a a a former American football like you know uh center center center center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to to to to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children um um um um well okay by her second husband tenor, chorus master okay okay okay okay you know like and conductor Simon Schouten but is known professionally professionally professionally professionally by like uh you know the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie mazarine Marie mazarine Marie mazarine Marie Pingeot (born (born (born (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), well I mean mean mean mean well who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Marie Marie Marie Pingeot - Mitterrand I mean uh well in 2005, is is is is a writer and the daughter uh uh okay of of of of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government in in in in June so so okay 1970, the new education education education education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced both so um well Circulars Circulars Circulars Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - - - - pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much for much for much for much of the 2004 2004 2004 2004 -- 05 season, the club struggled okay I mean mean mean mean uh in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback in in in in well so uh the final weeks of the season, the catalyst catalyst catalyst catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become become become become okay I mean um partners in law law law law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters you you you you know um well and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT pride event, Come well um like Out With Pride 2011 2011 2011 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and okay okay okay okay uh you know has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - so you you you you know um 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however you know know know know you know I mean even today it is unknown unknown unknown unknown who was uh well like responsible some point point point point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the then the then the then the result only says says says says that it would be better um so uh if low low low low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the the the the Roya so so uh Film House and under this banner banner banner banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with you you you you know well you know a hand plane or other method method method method of wood removal and the well you know well well well well process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the okay okay okay okay I mean uh second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, 000, 000, 000, Artista Salon services worth ₱ well like so 50, 000, 000, 000, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which uh uh uh uh uh uh also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American professional uh uh uh uh you know uh baseball pitcher who plays plays plays plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and and and and had like so well been thought to be the the the the highest point in Montenegro, but well so um new surveys have have have have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town town town town that like uh well was called Ain Libbaya or or or or Ayn Libbaya that was classified like okay uh amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / / / / uh I mean uh Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and and and and his wife Mariora Ioannou - so uh I mean Sentoukakis Sentoukakis Sentoukakis Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower the the the the um like um voting age in Indiana, and continued his his his his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the the the the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be found found found found the sardine I mean you know like port of of of of Douarnenez which gives the bay its name, so I mean okay okay okay okay the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results this results this results this results in the the the the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry um um um um um um owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack his his his his um you know so hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned crowned crowned crowned Albanian I mean I mean like Superliga champions, on 5 5 5 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call okay well well well well well - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a following a following a following a successful run run run run at London's 380 - seat like so uh Royal Court Court Court Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End I mean uh I I I I mean at the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for for for for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal Shawwal Shawwal Shawwal 1372 I mean okay so AH / 25 June June June June 1953) was merely 8 years um you know well old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and and and and was uh I mean um later to become professor of of of of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current the current the current the current principal of of of of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the um well um um um um first he is an excellent principal the students students students students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but was was was was so well I mean killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity like uh uh uh uh uh George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the you know know know know so okay implied Serbianess of the opponent in in in in the discussion which okay like well can be used to to to to advance your position in discussion about I mean well well well well I mean the topics directly or indirectly related to to to to Serbia or well okay you know Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune uh so so so so um 500 energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, well well well well well you know South Carolina, whose businesses include regulated regulated regulated regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls dolls dolls dolls are well so so not authentic but cheap knock knock knock knock - offs (as the well uh like boys originally suspected), suspected), suspected), suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz um um um um uh okay der Serie' ( 'The Law of the the the the Series'; never translated okay okay well into English ), ), ), ), in which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes you know I I I I mean uh of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'I'm Alive 'I'm Alive 'I'm Alive Alive Alive Alive 'is a song written by the American rock I I I I mean you know like band Tommy James and the the the the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in in in in uh okay okay the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until until until until his passing away okay okay well on 7 January January January January 1970, at 5. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German well well well well okay well Cross in Gold for his achievements in February you you you you know I mean you know 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the I mean um um um um um magical land of Gensokyo is once again at at at at peace until I mean like like yōkai begin begin begin begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and okay you know know know know okay a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including you know well well well well well 112 heavy cavalry, and a similar number of infantry, infantry, infantry, infantry, from um I mean uh which around 1000 cavalry cavalry cavalry cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries uh so I I I I mean hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May you you you you know okay like 1926 constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Polish Polish Polish Republic, and was um so like headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 1978 1978 1978 you know well well - 1981 during this time he he he he was a starter for so um um the 1979 1979 1979 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South South South South Somerset, so well uh which was formed on 1 1 1 1 April 1974 under the like okay well Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from from from from 'Nazoraios' uh you know so in the New Testament, for for for for a Jewish Christian sect so so you know apparently centered centered centered centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, Galilee well I mean mean mean mean um and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously I I I I mean like I mean in the Judean Hills in in in in front of Nablus and at um like so crossings of of of of the Jordan River as well as attacking um okay okay okay okay well the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily daily daily daily like like so Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, outside, outside, outside, uh uh like enters the capsule, and tells her her her her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is testour is testour is testour is a small small small small town located in the north like well you know of Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, you know I I I I mean uh 20 km (12 miles) south - west west west west of Medjez okay um you know - el - - - - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used used used used by okay um so the Army of the Soviet Union Union Union Union during World War um so okay II. It It It It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on on on on the well like well railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible possible possible possible wheel impact conditions I mean okay I mean are are are are flawed in the sense that these sensors sensors sensors sensors would um um well not be able to distinguished between between between between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary primary primary primary songwriter, okay you know you know lead singer and guitarist guitarist guitarist guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood um I mean like like like like known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in okay okay okay okay so uh your face stlye, it has divided divided divided divided audieces and critics, but okay like okay has succesfully succesfully succesfully succesfully found a cult audience in the US, um I I I I mean um Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The um uh uh uh uh uh local governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community community community community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in 2004 2004 2004 2004 you know uh okay coined the term 'Female - - - - Led' in her writings and also like I mean mean mean mean okay began to advance the terminology to describe her I I I I mean well I mean approach to an intentional intentional intentional intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) ) ) ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) is is is is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly uh I I I I mean like used by the demoscene and related subcultures when when when when referring um uh uh to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the on the on the on the night of of of of 30/31 May, the sector of I mean you know well well well well the line the pioneers were digging under was subjected to a a a a heavy so so well artillery bombardment, followed by a trench trench trench trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time time time time strategy and like okay uh role - playing video game game game game created by German game developers Phenomic uh okay well as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the the the the boat well um well but are discovered half way down; down; down; down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a a a a general you know I mean um and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre theatre theatre theatre um okay so before moving to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from from from from um um like others in the superfamily by by by by a combination of minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological biological biological biological um I mean uh organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' theory' theory' theory' or I mean okay like 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, such as so you know you know smoke grenades grenades grenades grenades and tracer rounds, although this has been well okay okay okay okay um often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), (Chinna), (Chinna), (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of so like you know city D. I I I I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the in the in the in the deep of of of of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead ahead ahead ahead of so well you know embedded shortwave troughs, which are of of of of smft within the troposphere below, okay uh you know which lowers lowers lowers lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a okay okay okay okay you know so plan to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman craftsman craftsman craftsman uh okay like Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who Who Who Who had learnt like I mean well the traditional Craft of of of of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two two two two years so uh so later; police have said others were involved involved involved involved in what I mean I mean so they consider a a a a murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter well well so so so so divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to to to to rise, and well you know well the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse the anticoagulant well I I I I mean um effect of dabigatran in the event of of of of a major okay well like bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger 'Larger 'Larger 'Larger so okay uh Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC UFC UFC UFC um you know well 202, but the pairing was delayed delayed delayed delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac Lac Lac Lac La uh well um Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver silver silver silver um I mean well medal in his Junior Grand Prix Prix Prix Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is is is is so you know um shown to have feelings and emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, she is killed by um I mean like Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes I mean mean mean mean I mean so of direction in the line as as as as it jogs its way so okay okay toward the Manitoba Manitoba Manitoba Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject so so so so well okay to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo Palermo Palermo Palermo to sixth, uh uh okay earning their first ever ever ever ever UEFA Cup qualification, but well so okay opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro so um um um um okay high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', I I I I mean you know well which appeared in the the the the reign of Theodosius I, as the uh uh okay work work work work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a a a a pub you know uh I mean in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead of okay okay okay okay well um green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently he currently he currently he currently appears appears appears appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also I mean uh you you you you know voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O O O O um well I mean Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have like like like like okay you know two sons, Mr. T and Pain played football football football football so so you know at Brown University and Mike Rowe Rowe Rowe Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that that that that so well um Jessie was coerced is considered considered considered considered a certifiable fraud by so um well well well well his peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent uh like like like like like in removing everything of value from their victims, and well um um um um like often went further than the memo itself; itself; itself; itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege um um um um uh um of Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the the the the daughter um well so of a well - to - do do do do family, and so uh okay had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife knife knife knife um so like salesman at Ross Cutlery who who who who claimed to have sold Simpson so well so a 15 - - - - inch (380 mm) German - made knife I mean uh well similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate okay okay you know know know know a suspect for the first time and concedes that the the the the so well okay interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus you know know know know okay like status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in in in in diplomatic okay uh uh work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally like so so so so um not show the soft submissive temperament seen in in in in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / / / / DC's so I mean um 2008 release Black Ice, the the the the promotional shots were featured in like like okay more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also also also also ethical traditions and I mean okay I mean religions) to to to to defuse just such deep ystems always impose trained okay I I I I mean you know judges who are presumed to to to to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East the East the East the East East East East Valley is a growing area of the Greater Phoenix Phoenix Phoenix Phoenix uh uh I mean region that encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee I mean mean mean mean um uh and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid canid canid canid okay so well found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American American American American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the the the the okay so so Red Shirt leaders accountable for the damages damages damages damages and crimes, while supporting so so like the approach approach approach approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the uh okay okay okay okay uh University of Texas at Austin, where he um um like is is is is the Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor of History and and and and I mean okay I mean Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and and and and the okay okay so terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning upon returning upon returning upon returning to to to to Scotland he continued his academic I mean like um career, career, career, career, tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for the the the the well I mean you know Study of Government in Scotland Scotland Scotland Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from from from from I mean like uh Turkey has advanced through the league league league league system and is like you know I mean currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall fall fall fall and spring semesters like so I mean and fortnightly during during during during the two summer semester blocks and so well well well well well typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages well well well well uh well and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 so so so so um uh And in the 40's she began to acquire valuable valuable valuable valuable experience well so uh as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From From From From Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb bomb bomb bomb you know you know so squad robot, with the robot placing placing placing placing it in a you know you know uh 'total containment vessel' vessel' vessel' vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a well you know know know know I mean police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he like so so so so like opened his studio and worked mainly as a a a a portrait I mean like um artist, later enlarging his repertoire repertoire repertoire repertoire to landscapes of his like like so native Liguria, covering covering covering covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the two two two two countries um so like and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru Bangru Bangru Bangru (बांगरू), you know like like is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective the objective the objective the objective of of of of the U Family community is to build like um so up up up up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with the uh uh uh uh um well development of family - focused initiatives and programmes programmes programmes programmes to um well uh strengthen family bonds and support support support support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he currently he currently he currently he he he he is employed with the Meltzer Group so I I I I mean uh in Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy deputy deputy deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made I mean mean mean mean um um his first IRL start in 2001 and was was was was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another another another another Republican, James I mean so uh Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was it was it was it was written written written written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David uh uh you know Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges and Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by so so so so like you know Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of of of of sustained well uh uh first - person perspective in film as as as as a reason for you know okay like its its its its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James you know know know know I mean so. Chapter 2 chapter 2 chapter chapter chapter chapter 2 chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old old old old okay well like manager an easy ride and let him him him him add to um you know um the three title success success success success he had managed them to in you know so uh uh uh uh his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk talk talk talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of of of of managing I mean like like distributed video systems across across across across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat they eat they eat they eat molluscs, molluscs, molluscs, molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura Laura Laura Laura marries you know uh okay Badong who after after after after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was it was it was it was equipped with with with with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery well uh so so so so and trucks, in many cases the division made use like like like like I mean you know of captured French vehicles that had had had had been salvaged and like I mean uh modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made hall made hall made hall made 361 appearances appearances appearances appearances and scored 38 goals in eight um like you know know know know years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the former former former former left like um like - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of well well well well like you know the Doce Pares Club, and a few few few few months so uh um later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of of of of you know like so the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown downtown Youngstown downtown Youngstown downtown Youngstown is is is is the traditional center of the city so okay okay of Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become so so so so um well the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National the National the National the National University of of of of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish well well okay 'Ollscoil na na na na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, of course, of course, of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans Swans Swans Swans like so like drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 28 28 28 April 2012, a I mean you know um game Swansea Swansea Swansea Swansea had led 4 -- 1, although Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea okay like so Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 so I I I I mean uh ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire who was so so you know the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang um um um um like okay Hong, a dissident blogger who had been been been been sent like I mean I mean to one one one one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission Commission Commission Commission you know okay so approved nomination of the building for for for for the National Register okay okay I mean of of of of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo Bavo Bavo Bavo decided you know like you know to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the after the after the after the war, war, war, war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed like so okay okay okay okay in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 000 000 000 loyalists uh um um sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is is is is chosen you know I mean well as the the the the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when when when when so I mean like she realizes that she is pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant with her second child, she like you know so is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as as as as you know like well well as the first first first first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men both men both men both men were also also also also principals with major responsibilities uh uh okay at RailAmerica as as as as well, although the ownership of FEC and uh I I I I mean okay RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the the the the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at at at at the town mansions okay uh so of leading members of the the the the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat ghat ghat ghat in Varanasi um you know uh on the Ganges Ganges Ganges Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Republican Republican Republican Party, Silberman, so I mean you know as a a a a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year year year year - so I mean well old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international international international international you know um okay footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football football football football for Port okay okay I mean Lions F F F F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and if um um um um you know you know the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned brown earned brown earned brown earned his pilot pilot pilot pilot wings on 21 October 1948 uh okay so amid amid amid amid a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team uh like like like like well of FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to to to to Macedonia well so okay to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in okay okay okay okay I mean um 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified unified unified unified um so I mean estate, consisting of separate areas areas areas areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager of of of of okay okay like the UIC and went on on on on to publish several books, I mean I mean you you you you know including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach Approach Approach Approach to Sustainable Development' um well you know (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently currently currently currently you know so like produced and available in the United United United United States, while the um um well GZ125 is available available available available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly nearly nearly nearly all of like okay like Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and and and and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to to to to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, Reforms, Reforms, Reforms, representing the country like uh I mean on many international international international international visits. Now days she is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu Navitilevu Navitilevu Navitilevu I mean okay okay Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to to to to Labour led um I mean um by Andrew Fisher, while while while while the Labour minority government fell like I mean um in June June June June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a you you you you know well I mean Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Filmfare Filmfare Filmfare Awards for the uh uh okay third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an an an an archetype so well I mean directly inside contemporary culture with with with with the Black Madonna And Professor I mean okay okay John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school like well well well well you know at Duke University where he was the first first first first Duke basketball player well okay you know to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one well well well well well like of the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey um um um um so okay was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was was was was set well okay you know alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was well well well well okay you know started more than 100 years back providing providing providing providing education um so I mean up to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 8 8 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly manalo nearly manalo nearly manalo nearly won won won won his first world title at the I mean mean mean mean well I mean 2004 WPA World Eight - ball Championship, Championship, Championship, Championship, but lost uh okay so to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities abilities abilities abilities is the worst okay uh you know ruler; impartial laws laws laws laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out out out out through um you know like his mother that Alma Alma Alma Alma attempted suicide by slashing her okay like I mean mean mean mean wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying uh um um um um you know that if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East the East the East the East East East East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 um um um um I mean so and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Manfred Manfred Manfred Eicher's ECM label; his well uh like first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, Baer, Baer, Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up so uh like with with with with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American American American American well okay uh hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will will will will get so uh you know killed if he does so, so, so, so, Andy puts the final piece uh uh like of of of of on rock, which then falls into the portal, well like like like like okay which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance MPs um I mean so to break party ranks ranks ranks ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's uh like uh Anti-Terrorism Anti-Terrorism Anti-Terrorism Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States States States States Marines okay um I mean in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and and and and emotional you know um well information; people, perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole the whole the whole the whole peninsula is is is is famous for its turquoise water, uh um you know the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport transport transport transport like um well vessels, and in the Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social cannabis Social cannabis Social cannabis Social Social Social Social Clubs became popular in the United States during prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, um like I mean it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, download, download, download, OpenSearchServer was well I mean uh developed under the GPL GPL GPL GPL v3 license and offers a series um um I I I I mean of full text lexical analyzers analyzers analyzers analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds seeds seeds seeds -- well okay like most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and um uh well well well well stopped at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to um uh uh uh uh uh be a very primitive development, that is, it so okay okay okay okay you know did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' a'calung' a'calung' a'calung' is a bamboo bamboo bamboo bamboo tube xylophone used in the I mean uh uh Sundanese music music music music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and agree agree agree agree like you know okay to call each each each each other after they both wake up uh um um to see see see see if they were both really there and like so so so so I mean then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type uh uh uh uh I mean I mean superchargers, as the three main main main main bearing engine was liable okay okay like to crankshaft failure failure failure failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; so so okay superchargers allowed allowed allowed allowed a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this this this this so um okay number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new new new new campus was sold like okay uh and and and and developed with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one one one one okay like okay of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the the the the same like like well name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial Financial Financial Financial crisis uh okay uh of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased um um um um um um recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that that that that they um um okay be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), below), below), below), I mean well uh since 2008, Verreos has been been been been a regular panel member on okay uh I mean mean mean mean TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the the the the Oscars, Grammys, uh like so Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 yards yards yards yards like like uh from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the you know I I I I mean well vinyl - siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium platinium platinium platinium um like like halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E I mean mean mean mean I mean um Kittoe she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the well you know um um um um Pioneer Museum, which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and and and and okay well you know networking on key issues. Extending Extending Extending Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare rare rare rare uh uh so but possibly provided variable gene functions like like like like greater okay so like substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is he is he is he is a native native native native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he like um well attended attended attended attended Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' Magician' Magician' Magician' while his I mean okay uh short stories stories stories stories have been published in a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and Mr. Bennet Bennet Bennet Bennet explains you know you know I mean that her that Chandra Chandra Chandra Chandra has a list with Claire's name um uh I I I I mean on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, so okay uh Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, by the Columbus Public so like you know Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 51 51 51 appearances you know like so for Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a so so so so well well key member of the promotion winning side side side side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her throughout her throughout her throughout her career, besides contributing contributing contributing contributing her vocal to Girls 'Generation's like you know know know know well songs, Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics for for for for well um um two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the okay okay okay okay I mean you know Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Our Our Our Lady well well so of the Hermits, that title title title title being derived from the circumstances okay I mean uh of of of of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters I mean mean mean mean okay so of North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's the album's the album's the album's iconic cover cover cover cover image of the jack of well you know so so so so diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet bullet bullet bullet okay you know uh is used in the music music music music video of 'Twilight Zone' um well um in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources sources sources sources like um um (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no no no no convenient, I mean you know uh constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the the the the release of well okay uh 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, 2003, 2003, 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained classically trained classically trained classically trained he is is is is a graduate of the Royal Scottish you know well you you you you know Academy of Music & Drama he won a a a a Laurence Olivier I mean well so Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made well well well well like I mean no profit with the exception of of of of the sale of like okay like his farm for for for for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out so um so of of of of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the the the the so so you know 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules rules rules rules with some small differences, you know well you know set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bridge Bridge Bridge Bus I mean I mean I mean Terminal and a a a a series of four high - rise you know know know know you know well apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - uh um um um um uh scale catering services. And in and in and and and and in and in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is damath is damath is damath is an educational educational educational educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a however, a however, a however, a a a a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they uh uh uh uh so so become evermore corrupted by the influence of power power power power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian Croatian Croatian Croatian footballer who plays well you know okay as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group the group the group the group is is is is a South African financial services group that like like like like well um is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange (JSE) and is um you know uh regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic I I I I mean so well island there are a few black sandy sandy sandy sandy beaches, the so um um main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, Offspring, Offspring, Offspring, the I mean like well son of of of of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Islamist well you know you know militia in Kismayo, Kismayo, Kismayo, Kismayo, which at the time controlled the court system, system, system, system, so well like and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March March March March 2003) okay you know like was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is is is is um I mean you know a synthesizer manufactured by by by by the Roland Corporation introduced um well okay in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service like uh uh uh uh well marketing and communications firm dedicated to serving serving serving serving the nonprofit I mean well I mean sector, and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was he was he was he was aware aware aware aware of how different the two tracks were and um um um um you know so that it would be 'exciting' to visit the the the the city for well okay like the first time and and and and his team wanted to you know well like maximise maximise maximise maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name the name the name the name name name name 'giant' is thought to be given to well well well well well I mean the antelope mainly due to its great great great great size, but it okay like I mean is actually actually actually actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design um uh like like like like was submitted to the RLM but it was the design of of of of well I mean uh Walter Günter with his his his his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still like okay um working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the um um um um okay um University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great I I I I mean okay uh tribe who gained the attention of Khorne Khorne Khorne Khorne when she you know I mean I mean mean mean mean slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to to to to I mean you know well describe the tattooed bodies bodies bodies bodies of the people residing in the uh um like islands islands islands islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for for for for so well um Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on on on on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used um um um um so uh. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal love metal love metal love metal is a a a a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the well okay um mix of of of of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced first announced first announced first announced in August August August August 2006, this version is based uh okay I mean on on on on a different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles resembles resembles resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the okay um so so so so king soon tired of the long journey and was bored bored bored bored you know uh so and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February in February in February in February 2011 2011 2011 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark (Peak (Peak (Peak (Peak time so um okay only) was operated briefly with the service service service service being withdrawn 16 um you know so April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, Internet, Internet, Internet, online friendships you know you know um have changed significantly; it it it it is possible to hold real well so well - - - - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared declared declared declared the uh like like city of Breslau to to to to be a fortress ( um uh uh 'festung' ) and and and and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff the uh um uh action was begun via an attachment attachment attachment attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio um well I mean all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like like like like um so you know a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in in in in 229 you know like like BC, that involved Illyrian forces forces forces forces under Teuta attacking the I mean so um city as as as as part of the Illyrian Conquests took place in uh so so so so I mean Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian okay like like like like well darts player who qualified for the 2013 uh you you you you know you know PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, GA) like you know uh is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO of you know well so the Daystar Daystar Daystar Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier tier tier tier uh like you know arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch Neudorf' Neudorf' Neudorf' Neudorf' that uh okay I mean was used before the the the the year 1914 notable is that the so you know uh uh uh uh name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the you you you you know uh um old skool rave / / / / jungle techno sound and releases his okay I mean mean mean mean well music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' can be be be be used to mean all like um I mean the the the the dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) province, so you know so so so so and the Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are are are are you know you know like actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was he was he was he was born born born born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 well like you you you you know July 1876, and worked first as a a a a school teacher in Maryborough okay like I mean and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left left left left um well uh Germany in January 1933, and seven months months months months old, John and okay so uh his mother arrived in in in in England where his father had well you know know know know I mean secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / / / / okay um you know West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District District District District / North lines, okay okay so and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal peggy O'Neal is an Australian Australian Australian Australian lawyer who, as of October like uh like 2013, serves serves serves serves as the president of the Richmond Football Club Club Club Club you know I mean well in the Australian Football League League League League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett became the I mean you know um 'de facto' dictator dictator dictator dictator of Charleston until the town was well uh like abandoned around 1889, 1889, 1889, 1889, at which time he left uh so okay okay okay okay Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he was was was was uh well um working at a railroad company, and and and and found that monthly um uh um accounting was was was was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of of of of Porterville, like I mean okay California and is mostly known known known known for his time with um like uh the Boston Celtics in in in in the 1950s, partnering with well okay uh Bob Cousy Cousy Cousy Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under Amasis II you you you you know I mean uh. This brief period of of of of Egyptian domination left its influence well I mean uh mainly mainly mainly mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity like like like like I mean so and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction Conjunction Conjunction Conjunction with okay okay I mean Search for a Star (Launched (Launched (Launched (Launched as a joint project so I mean you know know know know with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent um um um um um um contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter matter matter matter um well well what the cost, while some New York Giants Giants Giants Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has has has has like you know uh a degree from Boston College, and and and and won a full okay so like scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a a a a cave chamber full okay okay so of water water water water at less than atmospheric pressure which is formed when um um um um so um the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 1906) uh uh uh uh I mean like was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white white white white okay like like Boston attorney who later went went went went on to become president uh like uh of the American Bar Bar Bar Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find find find find a so like like man, but Joyce insists insists insists insists that she doesn't need one; uh so okay however Aunt Aunt Aunt Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many many many many like like well years, silver was discovered in the local local local local mountains in 1772 so so well and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, Chile) Chile) Chile) Chile) so okay um is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist consist consist consist of so okay you know straight sections across the the the the hill, followed by sharp turns well so okay to the the the the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no father father father father so I mean so (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie mount Ainslie mount Ainslie mount Ainslie or or or or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part of Canberra Nature Nature Nature Nature um uh well Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on on on on well um okay assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as as as as the physical uh you know uh land on which Hong Kong and and and and Macau stand used I mean like I mean to to to to be part of China before the founding of the the the the I mean I mean like two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported reported reported reported like I mean you know to be in fair health health health health in 2008, at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would well well well well so um purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera Opera Opera Opera uh um I mean received an order to sew sew sew sew a number of Russian you know okay so military uniforms uniforms uniforms uniforms that later were used in an exchange you know uh uh uh uh okay of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses evening courses evening courses evening courses are offered offered offered offered through continuing education in you know well like both both both both credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform transform transform transform their way uh uh like of being in in in in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih the Fatih the Fatih the Fatih Mosque was was was was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan I mean um uh uh uh uh Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on uh well well well well you know the site of the former Byzantine Church of of of of the so well you know Holy Apostles, whose whose whose whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits so so well well well well he is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued continued continued continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, Judges, Judges, Judges, the um um okay Israelites again turned away from God after after after after 40 years of uh I mean um peace brought by by by by Deborah's victory over Canaan and I mean uh you you you you know were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his I mean mean mean mean um you know henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the million million million million - dollar so okay okay ransom, which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's character well uh so and 'hitting below the belt,' belt,' belt,' belt,' and Curtis told so I mean so Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The 'The 'The 'The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours you you you you know like well but the resolution could go up up up up to 1024 × uh you know so 1024 1024 1024 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, trees, trees, trees, constituency you know uh I mean and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are they are they are they are able to to to to escape with Perry, but uh you know you know know know know during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by by by by writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously living Dangerously living Dangerously living Dangerously (1998) was the the the the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling okay okay um um um um pay - per - view (PPV) event produced like like like like like I mean by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took took took took place on March uh like like 1, 1998 from from from from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 you know know know know I mean uh and the then Peninsular and Oriental Oriental Oriental Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) of I mean okay so so so so the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become become become become well so well ensnared in its web, killing them with with with with its venom like uh you know before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his okay like like like like like opponent may clip the referee -- while a a a a wrestler would like like okay probably only be knocked back back back back in this situation, the referee well so well would most most most most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which well well well well uh uh she uses as a blunt instrument, with it, it, it, it, she's able you know um well to send strong seismic seismic seismic seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the okay like um um um um ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity um you you you you know well and patriotic values, and that is why they are are are are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian well well well well I mean well international cricketer who plays for Baroda Baroda Baroda Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol and and and and you know okay uh Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography autobiography autobiography autobiography of Glasgow so you know you know gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, gymnasium, gymnasium, gymnasium, aerobics studio, you know well well meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against against against against Larry Olubamiwo so like okay in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is you you you you know you know like an Algerian football player who is is is is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of you you you you know okay like Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi Pandi Pandi Pandi was so you know like attacked by a massive massive massive massive force of Spaniards that massacred I mean um I mean mean mean mean the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, battle, battle, battle, um like well Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a well well well well like so Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions contributions contributions contributions helped define the uh well so field of American American American American paleontology; he was a prodigious writer, like okay like with with with with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, although uh uh uh uh so uh his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which which which which okay um you know meant that Rihanna would would would would reveal the title of the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original the original the original the the the the original project its from 1771, and its uh okay well well well well conclusion and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor um um um um uh like Mariano de Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to to to to TMNT uh like so or Ninja Turtles) are a a a a team of um I mean well four teenage anthropomorphic turtles, named after after after after four Renaissance Italian artists, who like you know you you you you know were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and and and and like well I mean the tallest commercial building in in in in the Town of Newburgh, now so well okay stands on on on on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around built around built around built around around around around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a a a a uh I mean uh design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, Rodríguez, Rodríguez, Rodríguez, it currently belongs like okay well to his descendant Cayetana Cayetana Cayetana Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, court court court court I mean uh I mean litigations and and and and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - cobra - cobra - cobra - La guards guards guards guards then captured Cobra Commander and Serpentor like uh well well well well and took them to their hidden headquarters to um I I I I mean well try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor Serpentor Serpentor Serpentor well okay like in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu the Kintetsu the Kintetsu the Kintetsu Buffaloes were were were were the first Japanese team to okay well uh sign sign sign sign an American player when they signed former um I mean mean mean mean okay major league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron uh uh uh uh you know well Bottler, who had played in 1958 1958 1958 1958 for like well I mean minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl you you you you know I mean you know XXXIV in which Evans Evans Evans Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she like I I I I mean okay worked as a maid, and cooked Southern Southern Southern Southern - style okay you know you know meals for for for for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the the the the third - uh I mean okay tallest such 'intertidal' 'intertidal' 'intertidal' 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) well well well well like I mean structure in the world, but there there there there are nomonolithic rock like well uh is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic symphonic symphonic symphonic like you know I mean orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, Langley, Langley, Langley, and at I mean uh so age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well well well well known, they uh well okay are regularly seen around around around around the islands as well like like I mean as as as as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about you know I I I I mean like 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval naval naval naval so you know like weapon with a low muzzle muzzle muzzle muzzle velocity, and is said to have like like you you you you know been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759 1759 1759 1759 and okay like so developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok ong Seok ong Seok ong Seok Kim passed away away away away in 1964, the following year, you know I mean mean mean mean like the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between between between between a okay okay I mean number of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the well well well well well you know rightful heir, Idris said a a a a family council would decide so like uh who would would would would be king, not an heir, and you know okay okay okay okay okay that his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each each each each okay so like incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff staff staff staff with its like I mean like sister station, station, station, station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February um um um um um so 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC balbriggan RFC balbriggan RFC balbriggan RFC is is is is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal I mean um um um um so County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles roles roles roles okay like uh for the stage, including Juliet in Romeo Romeo Romeo Romeo and Juliet uh I mean okay she shot to prominence prominence prominence prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season you know know know know well well 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a a a a 1: 19 well well uh. 495 and took took took took his sixth pole position of uh well okay the season season season season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the the the the Habsburg like uh um Monarchy, it was devastated several several several several times during the Thirty Years' like like I mean War and and and and conquered in the Silesian wars of King Frederick II uh uh uh uh well I mean of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' well like like like like so ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed elements elements elements elements uh so so of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is is is is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega the Sega the Sega the Sega Genesis was was was was released in the rest of North America you know know know know well I mean later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, so so so so like uh and led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels rebels rebels rebels entered London okay uh uh on 13 June, destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the the the the you know uh okay DFL endorsement to John Marty Marty Marty Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in April April April April 2006, uh well uh playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south south south south like um okay India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence Excellence Excellence Excellence in Business like well you know Award in in in in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen okay well well well well okay op Zoom or Breda but at the same same same same time you know so I mean he had worked worked worked worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to to to to you know so okay which she agrees also, and he he he he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in in in in well uh okay Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son son son son of Swedish and okay uh so Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 I I I I mean so uh to 1927 was called the Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada - California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated well well well well uh well as a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 1918 1918 1918 in like you know like Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she she she she so well like is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province the province the province the province includes includes includes includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is uh I I I I mean so surrounded by Azerbaijan that have have have have been controlled by Azerbaijan since um uh I mean her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several like okay okay okay okay um DC Comics supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of of of of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 okay like like like like so and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, the you know know know know uh so red pigment in blood, but are also found in in in in well like well a number of other biologically important important important important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), (1981), (1981), (1981), I mean well well part of a collection of of of of dances in a piece entitled I mean uh so 'Food for for for for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Des Des Des uh like I mean Moines and the elder brother brother brother brother of travel writer Bill Bryson he like well so so so so co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar mohammad Azhar mohammad Azhar mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / / / / o Md Eqbal Farooqi so so I mean born born born born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander willem Iskander willem Iskander willem Iskander (1840 - - - - 1876) was an Indonesian so uh uh Writer, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful after careful after careful after careful condideration, it it it it was decided to sell the premises well well okay at Great Great Great Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence post independence post independence post independence the fort fort fort fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly um um um until the the the the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but shortly um okay okay okay okay like afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian professional you know well okay ice hockey forward who is is is is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very like uh uh uh uh you know smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious serious serious serious case of okay okay okay alcoholism and having never never never never previously consumed anything stronger than milk, he like um um um um okay began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA USA USA USA at the so so um end of the the the the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that Amnesty International like you know know know know so USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established initially established initially established initially established in 1990 1990 1990 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real so uh um estate arm, arm, arm, arm, its current portfolio of projects include um so you you you you know mixed - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than than than than any like you know well other intervention in America, however, however, however, however, it should be noted that often I mean like I mean mean mean mean Drug courts are the only avenue for entry into into into into well like um treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim Trondheim Trondheim Trondheim I mean I mean well as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his his his his plan, like like um and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the in the in the in the film film film film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, so um like like like like however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes Holmes Holmes Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian um so so so so okay professional contractor best known for his television television television television show 'Holmes on um okay I mean Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, in 1904, in 1904, in 1904, he he he he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 the 2013 the 2013 the 2013 NWT NWT NWT NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the I mean I mean mean mean mean so women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and and and and Yukon, uh okay so will be held from January January January January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his in his in his in his letters he he he he continually launched into I mean uh well recrimination and and and and abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, further, further, further, like um you know bespattering with mud the whole French French French French army, and you know uh um even France France France France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his during his during his during his time time time time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train uh okay okay okay okay okay one day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, I mean okay okay O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a a a a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school the school the school the school is architecturally architecturally architecturally architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, so like um bisected bisected bisected bisected by the entrance road and connected via I mean mean mean mean like um an underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than in other other other other 'Powelliphanta um uh so rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit they hit they hit they hit hit hit hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage um okay uh uh uh uh from the hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used used used used so so well to identify a younger male or female female female female that an older so like you know individual was interested interested interested interested in talking to, dating, or a uh okay I I I I mean younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either the the the the well you know you know English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' 'Oita' or the Italian okay um well word 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H so so so so um um. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft um I I I I mean like gun, even though she is never seen using using using using it, I mean uh okay and was removed in the the the the PS2 adaption of the game; well well uh she she she she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of of of of so so okay high school, and soon after after after after booked her first two um like well jobs in one one one one day, a cameo in the Academy Award well so so so so so winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 in so well well well well uh Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland Scotland Scotland Scotland so so I mean in August 1947 until January January January January 1948 when he was sent so you know so so so so to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep like like like like you know uh station in the Monaro, New South South South South Wales district, was a uh okay I mean mean mean mean successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and smith and smith and smith and the officer officer officer officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique Heaggan so like um um um um - Brown, were both African American, and video from from from from so okay uh the officer's bodycam showed that Smith Smith Smith Smith had turned toward like I mean um the officer with with with with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like like like like okay I mean like 'Narrative of Events', local fears fears fears fears of rebellion and I mean so so pressure from the British British British British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Brothers Brothers Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is pluto is pluto is pluto is also the the the the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name the name the name the name Scope, a contraction contraction contraction contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes uh like you know the venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same same same same for you know you know okay walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him him him him you know I mean uh and he confronts confronts confronts confronts her about the engagement telling you know you know so so so so her that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British the British the British the British remained to support support support support the monarchy, and a pro-British you know well um prime prime prime prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, so um um um um well in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website website website website on you know uh you know 23 November and then went went went went to all UK music I mean so okay channels, channels, channels, channels, the video is black and white and sees Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson well okay I mean singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out you you you you know um uh of Berwyn, Illinois, the events were were were were held in the like uh you know Berwyn Berwyn Berwyn Berwyn Eagles Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is he is he is he is renowned renowned renowned renowned as the coach who put like well you know know know know the basis of an interesting experiment in football, called called called called like like well 'Morisca' (The Hand - Mill), in in in in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive receive receive receive uh you know so medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly the belly the belly the belly is yellow to to to to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption the eruption the eruption the eruption caused caused caused caused airline flight cancellations as well as uh like um the the the the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn Penn Penn Penn so uh I mean Station had been electrified and and and and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another like like like like so you know Bermudian, probably Robert Darrell, who sent her in in in in um like I mean 1806 to Grand Turk, which which which which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) like so so so so like is a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of like like like like like um HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from from from from 1914, as Second - so well like like like like in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United United United United I mean like like States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and and and and well okay uh his book 'How to Talk Talk Talk Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it um well uh uh uh uh was also characterized as nothing more than an okay okay okay okay well so extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Press Press Press Broadcasting executives uh well you know said they expected to buy buy buy buy WKBS (UHF channel 48), a Philadelphia uh I mean you know - - - - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook cook cook cook uh you know um vegetables using the water water water water inside the vegetables without any additional like you know like like like like water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were were were were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead you know know know know like well - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and named named named named well um I mean by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, City, City, City, um uh you know Abu Dhabi and includes a a a a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the like like like like uh like volume of water reaching a particular outfall, outfall, outfall, outfall, or location in a you know uh you know sewerage sewerage sewerage sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the uh uh so so so so design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on you know so so so so you know Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle Diggle Diggle Diggle to work um like like for her on missions other other other other A. R. G. U. S well well well. Agents are unwilling unwilling unwilling unwilling to perform and tries to have Starling so you you you you know um City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack attack attack attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver riot riot riot riot took place two days after the Bellingham so like like like like uh riot, on September 7 and 8, in response to to to to anti-Asian uh okay I mean activists becoming concerned with with with with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St St St St so like uh. Denis, France) is a French former boxer who who who who won you know well you know the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and lakes and lakes and lakes and ponds ponds ponds ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research research research research team to like I mean okay conduct a detailed detailed detailed detailed case study on her, and you know so you know in May May May May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital scientists scientists scientists scientists well you know so who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World the World the World the World Cup is a a a a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions I I I I mean um uh in North Sydney including beach defences to to to to respond to okay um um possible Japanese landings at Manly, Manly, Manly, Manly, Freshwater Beach, and uh so you know Greta, where it concentrated concentrated concentrated concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports in well well well well like like the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It like like like like I mean um is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band Band Band Band well I mean like of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an as an as an as an international he he he he played five times for Ireland before it um well uh uh uh uh emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), 2001), 2001), 2001), like like like born Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became became became became um uh okay the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 2005 2005 2005 recording surfaced like like like of him and presidential presidential presidential presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd you know um uh conversation; conversation; conversation; conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that later that later that later that that that that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he wishes I mean so so so so you know to marry the princess, but she laughs and and and and like uh um tells him that a poor boy such such such such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this this this this more uh okay I mean off - road appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished finished finished finished you know so okay writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the the the the First okay um um Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the the the the uh um okay majority of the town late Monday evening after after after after an earlier like you know so battle between between between between Government troops and DKBA forces, and by well okay so Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year like like like like so I mean in the India and lived in a a a a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works several works several works several works have have have have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical I I I I mean okay like perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return um um um um um like of studio - driven pictures, coming coming coming coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien well so so so so uh pod; while examining the ship they uncover mysterious um um um um uh okay symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at 24 so so so so well like Saville Row which gained a first place place place place WAN Facade Award like well like in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve white pullover like uh uh sweat shirt, with grey grey grey grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' in I mean mean mean mean well um green letters, printed on the bottom front of collar, collar, collar, collar, wearing so um you know either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, in 1944, in 1944, in 1944, she studied in in in in Nizza and claims to like okay you know be linked linked linked linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which um um um um so so was also used by other Residents and and and and Governors, and so it like well okay became known as as as as Government Hill until it was renamed so okay well Fort Fort Fort Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John stephen John stephen John stephen John Rowland Rowland Rowland Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is a Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - - - - like okay so 1973) was a Fijian chief and and and and statesman, who like so you know played a a a a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the in the in the in the oval - - - - shaped center chair sits uh uh like a bearded bearded bearded bearded man in a black suit jacket with white lining, uh okay okay okay okay you know who informs her that she she she she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed killed killed killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause the cause the cause the cause of SLE SLE SLE SLE is not clear: it is thought um you know know know know like to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it it it it failed so you know like to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 1 1 1. 01 well so okay males to 1 female -- the the the the greater number of men uh I mean you know know know know is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 3/2 3/2 3/2 like uh I mean favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from from from from the race um I mean I mean with a fever fever fever fever and won by two lengths so um well from Star Star Star Star Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling Eddie Guerrero during I mean I mean well his his his his last heel run and feud with Rey Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, so well okay who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who who who who um um I mean played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing playing playing playing at representative I mean well uh level for England, and Yorkshire, Yorkshire, Yorkshire, Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known known known known as HJ and the um you know I mean Father Father Father Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association Association Association Association okay like uh (LAAFTA) was founded in May 2001 2001 2001 2001 to provide well uh I mean a forum and meeting meeting meeting meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were marsDials were marsDials were marsDials were placed on the the the the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all all all all the well like um rights and privileges granted to Russia by by by by China in the okay I mean so Li - Lobanov Treaty Treaty Treaty Treaty of 1896, as enlarged well like well by by by by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this by this by this by this time, KSNB KSNB KSNB KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting so you know um um um um Corporation, while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, Company, Company, Company, both I mean well okay were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, mother, mother, mother, mother, okay um you know and two sisters - - - - in - law to gain like well well well well I mean control of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters beyond okay okay okay okay okay well the group's control, these two releases failed to get get get get okay uh well sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was was was was just well uh I mean short of 100, 100, 100, 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one one one one whiskey and you know uh uh drug store, and the the the the population consisted mostly of railroad workers, but I mean uh um um um um this store was later joined by a general store store store store well um okay operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in you you you you know uh I mean the chest; they then strangled Sharer Sharer Sharer Sharer with a rope until she uh like uh was was was was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters um uh uh uh uh uh of Marvel Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage um I I I I mean I mean basin located in the VT 0th 0th 0th 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its its its its okay like um donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first the first the first the first time time time time the violin was returned shortly after the so well well well well you know theft; the second theft occurred backstage at at at at Carnegie Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports well well well well so uh Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced uh well I I I I mean veteran artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; regular; regular; regular; like well you know four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has she has she has she has has has has also participated in Miss India. She was um uh like crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 2 2 2 - 2 uh uh well draw away at IF IF IF IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September 2010, and like like um um um um scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to okay so so so so I mean return the ring, but is dismayed when when when when he finds um you know so out that Chris ate ate ate ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy little Boy little Boy little Boy Blue is is is is also the name of a like like well 1997 film film film film about a dysfunctional rural family starring like uh um Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Phillippe and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in you you you you know you know okay the school year of of of of 1994 in whom he organized / um I I I I mean so introduced Karatedo as a sport in school school school school and a like uh so regular P. E. Subject Subject Subject Subject to all pupils and presently I mean okay I mean mean mean mean he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson is is is is actually a uh I mean um 7. 5m long mast mast mast mast - step timber made of I mean um um oak which which which which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by by by by so well I mean 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy so you know uh was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included included included included so I mean well in the release; these are short short short short - form so um uh pop songs featuring lead vocals vocals vocals vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational uh um uh uh uh uh facility that is a member institution of the Sydney College College College College you know so you know of Divinity, delivers theological studies studies studies studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate um you know like like like like qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in okay okay okay okay you know so their apartment, and becomes a slave slave slave slave of her own paranoid fears, okay you know um and and and and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' 'fakanofo' 'fakanofo' 'fakanofo' in Tongan um you know like society; the president president president president oversees this and the would so so okay be be be be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for for for for you know um uh all the character's bodily movements; movements; movements; movements; minor movements to you know so you know know know know the stick controlled the upper body movements, while while while while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed okay uh I I I I mean much - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that that that that the so um so maximum amount of energy they they they they could produce would be about I mean so uh the the the the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver james Oliver james Oliver james Oliver Vaughan (born 14 14 14 14 July 1988) is well okay I mean an English English English English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side well well well well I mean uh Huddersfield Town as a striker and and and and has represented well uh um England at U17, U19 U19 U19 U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight so um um um um well operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, okay um um um um you know on 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would so I I I I mean okay frighten the peasants but quite the opposite was true true true true - I mean uh you know over the next next next next year they secretly prepared for war, you know you you you you know I mean recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long so so so so uh um - range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that that that that lasted 34 uh um you know minutes, due to the the the the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, Golan, Golan, Golan, it is located from so um uh the Sea of Galilee at at at at a height of uh uh okay above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory Laboratory Laboratory Laboratory um um I mean from 1946 until 1972 when when when when Cornell University reorganized the uh um uh lab as as as as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was was was was exiled um you know so by the White Guelphs in 1299, 1299, 1299, 1299, but he and the so so uh Black Guelphs returned to Florence Florence Florence Florence with Charles of Valois in I mean like um November 1301 1301 1301 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in uh uh uh uh you know well the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Benedict Benedict Benedict Arnold on you know well you know Quebec; taken prisoner prisoner prisoner prisoner during the ill - fated so uh I I I I mean attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, 1829, 1829, 1829, okay uh like daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), Livingston), Livingston), Livingston), and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston well so like (1813 -- -- -- -- 1896) was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, group, group, group, founded in 1963 uh so um in North London, London, London, London, best known for their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe okay okay okay okay uh like - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually like I I I I mean okay into the CS2000 & CS3000 before before before before being replaced in I mean so um the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping proping proping proping like okay uh Gus to warn them to no avail, avail, avail, avail, after uh well you know Beavis moons the audience audience audience audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of supporters of supporters of supporters of the charter charter charter charter movement filed an appeal with um I mean uh uh uh uh the Contra Costa County Board of Education, which you you you you know um like on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 so like like like like like and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state state state state legislature passed a like I mean you know new new new new constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that that that that um so um persisted into the 1960s until after after after after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because because because because so so okay of his desire to unite unite unite unite all all Slavs in well you know um one Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held held held held until I mean I mean I mean his death, he he he he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy uh well well well well I mean drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred starred starred starred Frank Skinner, like uh I mean Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference conference conference conference I mean okay well voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' 'perverse' 'perverse' 'perverse' decision, and called uh like well for UCU members to to to to reject the proposal and continue you know um um um um so to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or or or or okay so so Meranie,) was created during the German German German German Empire time. It is also um well um called called called called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk Punk Punk Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself um um um um you know okay by DJing and was featured as as as as a so I mean okay cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama uh uh uh uh so okay that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that I I I I mean so uh 50 % of the oil had been contained contained contained contained and that the like you know uh slick had been been been been removed from about 95 % of Bribie Island, 85 um okay uh uh uh uh % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which okay okay okay okay uh um sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically basically basically basically well you know like sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose angles whose angles whose angles angles angles angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, complementary, complementary, complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw saw saw saw so well well very limited distribution (only 13 copies), copies), copies), copies), and from 2004 uh um well to 2007, Sons of of of of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed okay like you know know know know around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the on the on the on the next next next next day, Badoglio and Roatta met like well uh with with with with Mussolini, who announced that his objective was the capture so like well well well well of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew withdrew withdrew withdrew from like okay um the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there however, there however, there however, there have been been been been some discrepancies with the use of so well like this method method method method including differences in observations when using single like you know you know know know know and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the the the the FOX like so well series 'The O. C.' She She She She had a six - um well so episode recurring role role role role as Holly Fischer in the first season uh okay I I I I mean of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic the Islamic the Islamic the Islamic State of of of of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) um okay um and and and and other extremists tend to view the so you know um um um um peacock angel as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age age age age - restricted like okay like retirement community community community community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, uh uh uh uh uh uh but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell Howell Howell Howell (1874 um um uh - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects uh um um um um well and other multi-developer projects to handle various various various various versions and well okay um developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues it continues it continues it continues the the the the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December December December December okay I mean uh 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball pitcher for the Boston like well like like like like Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 000 000 000 to 315, 000 okay like um signatures for the admission admission admission admission to the elections, in each subject uh uh uh of of of of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad squad squad squad like like like for the first time in May 2007 for for for for I mean like you know an end of season season season season tour to the United States so you know I I I I mean and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin well well well well well like Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was was was was among okay like I mean the local defenders; after after after after the battle's end, he well um like fled to Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various like like like like well like types and models for fixed - - - - route service, and um well well over 2, 000 vans and and and and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing uh I mean um um um um service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during during during during World War okay I mean um II under under under under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was like I mean mean mean mean um completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is it is it is it is the tenth tenth tenth tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and I mean mean mean mean like you know was released just before Christmas on on on on the 18th December 2006 I mean um okay okay okay okay on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, although it it it it okay I mean so was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon characterised okay you know like by a tail tail tail tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, um I mean so abnormaly abnormaly abnormaly abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria the following like like well year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, in 2007, in 2007, in in in in 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and and and and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- -- -- -- I mean okay uh 01 but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led he led he led he led the the the the team all three years in scoring you know know know know I mean like with 13. 5 points per game in in in in 1960, so okay okay 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red okay okay okay okay you know okay and green, and for Fourth of of of of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for for for for um I mean um Jessie, sometimes she could could could could be seen sneaking I mean well like in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in downtown downtown downtown downtown like you know so Toronto which houses the Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Court of Appeal, the Divisional well I mean okay okay okay okay Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of of of of well uh I mean Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, Worth, Worth, Worth, which turned out to like uh you know be be be be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the I I I I mean like well porch of the present church, and and and and the church is famous uh okay you know for being being being being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the okay you know know know know so above list, but one source estimates the population at uh uh uh uh like you know only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture uh like you know and fishing, with wheat and barley widely widely widely widely grown; however, this requires you know I mean well huge huge huge huge inputs in fertilisers because of the sandy like uh okay okay okay okay nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space space space space well okay um - based experiment to test the theory theory theory theory of general relativity, okay like so performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision the decision the decision the decision to accept accept accept accept most of the proposed changes you know uh so so so so was headlined in newspapers across the United States, as as as as for example like um like on page 1 1 1 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, well uh well well well well Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also also also also released like you know okay following the song's success, success, success, success, which was also quite successful uh um uh as was was was was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team the team the team the team team team team was founded in 2012 and will play home home home home so okay so games at the Gordon Field House House House House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held held held held off well okay you know from eating of the the the the boy's body and brought like I mean like Pelops back back back back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could um well well well well well have lead if they got married, however the realism well well well well I mean like influence on the story shows shows shows shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created he created he created he created the the the the name in 1999 for the purpose of well okay like playing playing playing playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because 'because 'because 'because I mean you know like it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age well well well well you know you know of eleven at the National National National National Ballet School of Canada, for so I mean you you you you know seven years and upon graduation in 1969, she she she she uh so uh was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the the the the box so so I mean in their late grandfather's attic attic attic attic and brought it to okay um um the the the the attention of a local reporter, whose TV news news news news um okay I mean report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted he platted he platted he platted his his his his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town well uh okay was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation you you you you know so okay is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make they make they make they make content content content content involved with the film industry this includes: I mean well well well well you know reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely likely likely likely um uh you know to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his well well well well I mean uh talent led to rapid promotion, and in in in in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing so so so so okay okay the seat of Frome in the South South South South Australian House of okay so you know Assembly as as as as an Independent, after a shock win at like like like like you know like the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I you know know know know so like Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn unborn unborn unborn spirit well I mean uh within Yukie and Mariko Mariko Mariko Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county county county county um like so located in the Central Valley Valley Valley Valley of the U. S well swell swell swell um so. State State State State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year you you you you know well okay hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue Blue Blue Blue House', and okay so um a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO (United) was was was was founded in 1925 in Vienna under so uh uh the the the the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of joy of joy of joy of Christmas is is is is the second album of um so so the Chorus Chorus Chorus Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United like you know you know know know know States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - - - - um I mean so gee' ) was a program devised by by by by the CIA okay um okay in early 1961 to to to to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June June June June you know so um 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist artist artist artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved moved moved moved several okay so okay more times before finally being being being being arrested in Philadelphia by a um like like creator. Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and so okay like practicing practicing practicing practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running okay like like like like like against Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 1968 1968 1968 issue you know so I mean of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and and and and you know um I mean sadly the rest of of of of the house became little more than well like like like like um a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley Bayley Bayley Bayley (the okay um so present owner) bought Plas Teg for for for for £ 750, 000 um like well which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area around around around around 1685 you know I mean uh were were were were in part a reunification of the old La Tama Tama Tama Tama chiefdom, you know well okay but they also had had had had a large population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until until until until June / so well well July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage well okay uh uh uh uh caches struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions so so so so okay uh and POL. Vang Pao now regained the confidence in in in in I mean okay I mean air power that had had had had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of of of of old so um I mean Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at at at at Seton Hall so so uh University, South Orange, N. J J J J. Where he teaches journalism and so well I mean lectures lectures lectures lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of of of of Taki Rua Theatre (formerly um so okay The The The The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural works um um um um um um and saw the emergence of award winning Maori theatre well well well well I mean well particularly in the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the well well well well like so Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to to to to crush like uh like Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to to to to stop the fight, the fight um um uh takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet rené Corbet rené Corbet rené Corbet (born June June June June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired uh uh um ice ice ice ice hockey player who played in the National you know you you you you know so Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a I I I I mean I mean uh huge financial investment in an an an an effort to win another European um uh I mean Cup, reaching reaching reaching reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 like um okay and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, attend, attend, attend, I mean like like and she performed her first scenes scenes scenes scenes admirably, Then, uh uh I mean much to her surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in I I I I mean you know okay the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships both ships both ships both ships took took took took avoiding action but were too late okay okay okay okay uh like to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 in in in in um well you know the early 1990s, where he he he he did his formal training at like okay like the Rubin Academy of of of of Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his M okay um well well well well. A. In piano, in piano, in piano, in in in in piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are are are are two nature I mean so I mean reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, flooded, flooded, flooded, the okay okay okay group prepares to spend the night; however, however, however, however, they quickly so well like find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands well uh uh uh uh I mean section of Portland; master control operations for both both both both KPTV and uh uh so KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast Coast Coast Coast hub facility uh like well at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc well well well well like okay from the inside to the outside outside outside outside of the body, the I mean so so back hand hand hand hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', well you you you you know well Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) I I I I mean well uh disk galaxy and one of the largest spiral spiral spiral spiral galaxies I mean well uh currently known, at approximately 650, 650, 650, 650, 000 light years across, um well well six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, business, business, business, represented the you know well I mean diamond industry in the the the the London Chamber of Commerce and became you know so so so so you know a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for the well well well well like like Galaxy formed after a loss in the the the the 2001 MLS I mean um okay Cup, when then then then then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman you know so you you you you know challenged a group of Galaxy fans to to to to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air air air air into so well you know the water; the air air air air is compressed by surrounding water I mean well uh uh uh uh pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese you you you you know well uh military said that the conclusion can be be be be known to you know I mean okay Shinozaki himself, and those those those those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands brands brands brands like's well well uh 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series series series series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green blue green blue green blue green green green green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story story story story you know so well because her grandmother is dying dying dying dying and she feels like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean she is killing her because the fairy godmother finally so so so so uh well found a replacement and now the fairy god god god god mother okay so like can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, (141, (141, (141, well I mean uh 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % % % % of the total population) I mean you know okay or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous avigorous avigorous avigorous English - speaking middle class was was was was now the like okay um dominant cultural force; force; force; force; a number of its members were um like um um um um influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer uh you you you you know okay Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and uh uh uh uh um well services were crowded out and became non-competitive non-competitive non-competitive non-competitive on world markets, I mean well so a phenomenon phenomenon phenomenon phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of uh um um um um well St Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, Kentucky, Kentucky, Kentucky, where I mean like I mean the film was shot, including including including including star Sean O'Bryan, who I mean I mean okay attended St. Xavier Xavier Xavier Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went um um I I I I mean on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a candidate candidate candidate candidate you know I mean so to become mayor of Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee and is currently like you know um the the the the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased increased increased increased and so well okay this particular escape route became less less less less and less important, other you know like I mean mean mean mean means of leaving the GDR were used more often, for for for for you know so I mean example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which which which which was I mean um uh celebrated on the first Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday of October for years, uh I mean okay but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut uh uh uh uh I mean uh for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where captain uh uh uh uh like well Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers so okay uh and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of uh uh uh uh um like two LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has has has has been um uh um used as the logo for the the the the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires you you you you know well uh Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; Edition; Edition; Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning transitioning transitioning transitioning you know well you know into the next track, a a a a Phil Collins cover from his 1985 okay you know you you you you know album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - - - - well uh like core design, the nuclear salt - water water water water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is duroc is duroc is duroc is a station of the the the the Paris Métro, and is named you know so well after after after after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / / / / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of zoos zoos zoos zoos I mean um uh (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached reached reached reached you know okay so a career high of world world world world no. Nine of uh I mean okay the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon carbon carbon carbon uh like like capture that removes carbon dioxide dioxide dioxide dioxide from ambient air, as opposed to uh okay okay removing removing removing removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually like well I I I I mean offered with a very low initial interest rate rate rate rate ( a so I mean so so - called 'teaser rate' rate' rate' rate' ) and a low minimum I mean okay uh payment, which which which which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but uh um uh the the the the conspiracy was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film the film the film the the the the film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 uh uh uh uh uh so with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day multi-day multi-day multi-day okay um uh festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist aprotectionist aprotectionist aprotectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of of of of scholars and like I mean um teachers: laws issued by by by by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando um like okay II II II II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center thompson Center thompson Center thompson Center manufactures a a a a variety of muzzleloading rifles of like well uh both Traditional and and and and Inline designs, and sell a great number so so so so you know you know of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak the streak the streak the streak began began began began in the final months of uh so like 1990 as the the the the chestnut filly overcame adversity to I mean you know I I I I mean win the Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Susan Susan Susan Stakes I mean so uh over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct the correct the correct the correct location for for for for docking for GSP is after the so um so so so so caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail tail tail tail to I mean well you know let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for for for for well I mean um defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force Force Force Force was so well like formed from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, Legion, Legion, Legion, like I mean so and it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December I I I I mean I mean I mean 2006) was an English English English English children's author born in 1920 like like I mean mean mean mean and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation I mean mean mean mean so you know in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' Leiden' Leiden' Leiden' (Leiden well so like Academic Hospital) and the medical medical medical medical faculty of Leiden University in okay like well the late late late late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries centuries centuries centuries of okay um um history and the first recorded recorded recorded recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city city city city of okay well well San Diego, California, on the the the the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in in in in 1987 uh um you know as the southern terminus of of of of the DLR's initial I mean so okay system, and was was was was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces his forces his forces his forces grew to to to to around 6, 000 men by June 1861, okay okay okay okay um I mean and the French had began to report report report report that junks from I mean so like Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to live live live live okay you know so performing in Spring 2017 with original original original original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a new new new new enhanced like uh you know version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection Collection Collection Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation so you know know know know like 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse as as as as well um so a result of the war, war, war, war, is undermanned and struggles you know you know I mean to protect protect protect protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems systems systems systems relying on well well you know constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News 'News 'News 'News well okay like Chronicle', and from 1954 presented a BBC BBC BBC BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not not not not to well uh like reveal their location to Johnny, believing that that that that the robot I mean okay so would become over-excited; but but but but when Fred reveals their location, I mean um well the robot robot robot robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company um um um um okay I mean of Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor surveyor surveyor surveyor for the U. S so you know well. Government, and and and and returned to a studio he had taken at I mean mean mean mean like okay the Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an an an an uh you know you know action potential, and so the the the the spike is typically crowned well um okay by a burst burst burst burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes uh uh uh uh like okay the construction of four new stations in Boston, Boston, Boston, Boston, while like uh so work on a new western terminus terminus terminus terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and and and and reveals Kristoff is in uh well I mean love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 9, 9, 9, 1969) well so okay was born sometime in 1896 1896 1896 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a uh um like small village in the the the the Ukraine, which has now morphed I mean um I mean mean mean mean into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight fight fight fight so uh I mean homosexuality in all forms and and and and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners the winners the winners the winners of of of of the two Division Series met in the 2005 National well well well well you know like League Championship Series, with the winner winner winner winner of that series I mean okay okay becoming becoming becoming becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing doing doing doing enough, okay so well so they constructed, on their their their their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University University University University like I mean like with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, the I I I I mean well you know '88 corps was very young; young; young; young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird okay okay well Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the well uh uh uh uh you know Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's Waterloo' you know um you know (1962) involved the artist artist artist artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit explicit explicit explicit in 'Origin', um okay like though a single line hinted hinted hinted hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the the the the I mean I mean um longest - running running running running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a a a a so so I mean language in and and and and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner so well well well well you know went on to compare the album to the the the the work of Interpol like you know you know and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this this this this village um so well near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto Upto Upto Upto some extent I mean I mean well you can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP KSTP KSTP KSTP like um well - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the the the the United States Attorney um okay uh for the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern District of Michigan, won a 23 okay like so so so so - count indictment charging Fata with health care fraud, fraud, fraud, fraud, like so um conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of of of of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars houston Cougars houston Cougars houston Cougars is is is is the only Division 1 football team to so well um score score score score 100 points against another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) you know know know know like so in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only only only only uh well so Division I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress um like like like like I mean - call from the Nova Corps requesting requesting requesting requesting the assistance of um I mean I mean mean mean mean the Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such so so so so well well as plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - to so so so so okay you know - do dental surgeon and a housewife, housewife, housewife, housewife, Neila's mother's name you know well so was Manonmany Manonmany Manonmany Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins characins characins characins found you know so well in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to to to to VfB Stuttgart in you know like well the German second second second second tier league during the January transfer window on on on on uh okay uh 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are I I I I mean you know um now followers of Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, there are many Tanks so so okay still existing existing existing existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes substitutes substitutes substitutes for the url okay well like parameter therefore the use of of of of the asin parameter and any use like okay um of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & & & & field like well um teams play at Richard Wackar Wackar Wackar Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it it it it is like well like almost the same size as HIP HIP HIP HIP 110703, but don't get confused okay okay so with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in in in in the Virginia uh so uh legislature, then moved moved moved moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became you know so I mean mean mean mean a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States States States States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run run run run 96 like so like more episodes and air the the the the original Dragonball anime and uh okay you know was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on on on on Wednesday okay you know um 10th February 1988, he lived lived lived lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate um well well from 1988 1988 1988 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened opened opened opened so you know so its doors to its first first first first batch of students pursuing okay uh you know Degree programmes in in in in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered altered altered altered uh so well states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces pieces pieces pieces of well well like music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, I I I I mean so so and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 16, 16, 16, you know uh you know 1979 as the last Persian Persian Persian Persian monarch and in well you know so the resulting resulting resulting resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry poetry poetry poetry and like you know you know articles. The Name the the the the Name the Name the Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, President of of of of the Electronic Privacy Information uh well I mean Center, Center, Center, Center, called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one so so so so so okay season a half helping to keep the club in the the the the okay so so Championship with a a a a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron Baron Baron Baron so you know you know West KB KG (c. 1457 1457 1457 1457 -- 10 October so well you know 1525) was was was was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th I mean so uh Baron Baron Baron Baron De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners miners miners miners were so uh um trickling in on rumours of gold, gold, gold, gold, driving a population um uh like increase justifying the setting up up up up of a police force, just in like you know okay time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at at at at okay I mean I mean Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian Australian Australian Australian politician, has I mean um like been a a a a National Party member of the Australian House of of of of um so okay Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Rao (some (some (some (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 I I I I mean uh okay in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery Gallery Gallery Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws well well well well like I mean (LL. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests the crests the crests the crests may also also also also be positioned in a key item so I I I I mean uh called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was he was he was he was an an an an elder of the United Presbyterian Church uh um I I I I mean of Scotland and his deep religious convictions convictions convictions convictions well okay well informed his work, there is a strong strong strong strong suggestion that he um well um closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born so so so so so um March 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better better better better known like so well as Yves - Marie Adeline, was the the the the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his his his his way you know uh like to Valladolid, in the village village village village of Cabezón, he um well um met a resistance of of of of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, deployed well well well well so okay along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a uh like well well well well period of strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, however, however, however, you know I mean uh by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at educated at educated at educated at at at at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling Sendling Sendling Sendling um okay uh - Westpark, Munich, he was called called called called up to the Imperial I mean so okay German German German German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 1943 1943 1943 in Savannah, like like you know Georgia) is a a a a United States novelist and short story I mean um um um um like writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with so so so so okay so Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million like well you you you you know square kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over over over over I mean so uh one - third the area of of of of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking in looking in looking in looking to to to to make a follow up to '7 Days I mean so like like like like in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a a a a sport um okay well that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species species species species of I mean I mean I mean jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of of of of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- mid- mid- mid- so so uh 1950s most of the surrounding water water water water was filled in, I mean so um so that today today today today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October so you you you you know I mean 1, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Department Department Department stated that so so okay one suspect, a Nevada resident, was was was was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make make make make well you know so them advantageous for different applications when bound bound bound bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known known known known as okay I mean um Rachel Zoe, Zoe, Zoe, Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known so so so so um I mean for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate heptyl acetate heptyl acetate heptyl acetate (C 9 9 9 9 H 18 O 2), also known uh okay I I I I mean as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is is is is a uh I mean um colorless alcohol - soluble liquid liquid liquid liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, okay okay okay okay I mean I mean Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who who who who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to um uh uh uh uh okay cool below a certain temperature, as there was was was was a risk uh I mean um of the the the the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue I mean uh uh uh uh uh gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing the closing the closing the closing years of his his his his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially officially officially officially endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - sKH - sKH - sKH - SDP SDP SDP SDP received 31. 56 % of votes cast, um uh uh followed followed followed followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates received received received received you know so well 13. 26 % % % % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic mesaxonic mesaxonic mesaxonic foot you know I mean well structure on the rear feet: feet: feet: feet: the symmetry of well so I mean the the the the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on there on there on there on the the the the Bhirr they found some old coins with I mean mean mean mean you know uh the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped stamped stamped stamped on it and conjectured you know uh I mean that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well as well as well as well and NV NV NV NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) can like okay okay okay okay you know emit single photons and can be constructed from from from from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging Jigging Jigging Jigging you know okay like is thought to be be be be the partial originator of I mean I mean um traditional, traditional, traditional, traditional, popping, and locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints prints prints prints um okay like based on her ceramics for a festival in in in in Seville so well well Expo in 1992, at the Venice Venice Venice Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani you know I mean uh railway lineie 30 km km km km from rewari also doubling of well so I mean railway track track track track is in progress at fast pace um um um n n n n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will will will will assume most of like um um the duties of of of of the Lord Chancellor that relate to like uh so his Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue well so so so so okay to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized uh uh I mean with the rest of his family, but but but but he has started to well like so hang out with with with with a bad crowd and ultimately participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most most most most of the um okay so supporting characters returned for for for for the new program, which like like I mean mean mean mean ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) episodes) episodes) episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster hlengani Foster Baloyi is is is is the third born son of Risenga um well so so so so Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 uh uh uh uh okay you know -- 2 May 1864) was a a a a German opera composer, who I mean like um with his 1831 1831 1831 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal trial began began began began in 1996, and in September 1996 okay I mean you you you you know she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave 'slave 'slave 'slave well um um castles', fortifications in Ghana built by by by by Swedish traders, originally for uh uh um trade trade trade trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio okay like like like like um for recording with Tony Banks on keyboards and and and and Mike Rutherford like I mean okay playing the guitar and bass bass bass bass guitar in the um you know uh studio, although although although although the line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Service, Service, Service, Google Health is you know uh well not considered a a a a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Portability so like you you you you know and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in in in in 1999 um um uh pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID ID ID ID uh okay um Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain country well uh uh uh uh uh in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal state of um well like India in the Pithoragarh Pithoragarh Pithoragarh Pithoragarh district means herd of I mean well so cows. Well Well Well Well linked well linked well linked well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the the the the uh uh so facilities for their summer practice and and and and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and it plunged plunged plunged plunged you know I mean um into the small small small small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between well well well well like um the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being I mean well well well well okay an ice - cream salesman and a night - - - - club uh so uh bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 well you you you you know uh February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son son son son so so I mean of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Lord Hyde you know so uh (1906 - 1935) and Hon Hon Hon Hon. Marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Black Black Black I mean um like Sea in the 3rd century century century century AD, the Goths soon um uh okay split into into into into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes Hobbes Hobbes Hobbes 'Leviathan' you know well I mean and was a columnist columnist columnist columnist for 'The Times' and 'The Times uh well okay Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the the the the true uh okay so experience of actor George Voskovec, Voskovec, Voskovec, Voskovec, who was kept interned at okay uh okay Ellis Island Island Island Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 1913 1913 1913 and headed like well okay to Belgium, where he established established established established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous heterogeneous heterogeneous heterogeneous structure: I mean uh I mean several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single okay okay okay okay well you know room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 in 2014 in 2014 in 2014 and 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, it was one of the qualifying I mean you you you you know okay events for The Open Championship; the leading three three three three players so so like who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on I mean mean mean mean so okay May 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San San San San you know so um Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double double double double well okay I mean for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is it is it is it is a a a a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some well well well well well so taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the well well well well I mean okay breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) who were I mean like okay in possession of Mathura Mathura Mathura Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but you know okay okay okay okay so getting the news of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came um um um um so uh to catalog what existed in Brazil at the the the the um okay so time of the conquest, including Maximilian Wied - - - - Neuwied, invited you know um I mean by Don Pedro Pedro Pedro Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP VP VP VP of you know uh like sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went went went went well um well out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Tripp Tripp Tripp Tripp um um well also attended, and all three men would would would would more than 20 uh like like like like like years later play a key role in helping Bánáthy Bánáthy Bánáthy Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any unit unit unit unit that okay well you know manages to get close to to to to them can take them out you know okay you you you you know very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint um um uh uh uh uh as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, women, women, women, who you know um uh may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one one one one okay well like of two councillors to opt out of retroactive retroactive retroactive retroactive salary I mean so I mean increases that council council council council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should okay well like like like like be for the next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São São São São um so you know Paulo South Mission (2011 to to to to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 26, 26, 26, 1908) served so well so as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae the Cunoniaceae the Cunoniaceae the Cunoniaceae is is is is a family of 26 genera and about I mean mean mean mean I mean you know 350 species of woody plants in in in in the Antarctic flora, native so so I mean to to to to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament parliament parliament parliament of you know so well Switzerland, were held held held held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the second round um um um um you know um of the elections to the Council Council Council Council of States okay well well will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the after the after the after the 1830 General General General General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton um like so took took took took up the campaign against the truck system, system, system, system, by which well well well employees were forced to to to to accept payment or advances like um I mean in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie Johnnie Johnnie Johnnie like uh okay Red denies it at first, but later later later later he tells them I mean you know well he did have have have have it but gave it to a I mean uh uh uh uh so man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although although although although okay like I mean she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, February, February, February, four uh you know um aircraft reached England, one carrying carrying carrying carrying a bomb which, uh um um aimed at Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was cook was cook was cook was born in Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana in 1928, and received like so so two Bachelor's degrees degrees degrees degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting acting acting acting like you know um over terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is is is is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series the series the series the series is is is is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Zahida Zahida Zahida Baqai well uh well were medical practitioners and surgeons surgeons surgeons surgeons who had been educated okay um okay in Pakistan and and and and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a um you you you you know well single League game; although the club won the Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester um okay uh Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is is is is like uh okay ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 7 7 7 th in you know like uh reputation, 7 th in in in in papers published on SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in in in in 2006 okay you know so where he tallied 3 3 3 3 goals and 5 you know like well assists assists assists assists in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the during the during the during the the the the course of this translation, the outlines gradually I mean mean mean mean uh um became apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular popular popular popular beginner you know okay like surfing spots in in in in the San Francisco area, among surfers you know I mean mean mean mean well is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a a a a variety um okay so show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 2004 2004 2004 to you know you know so 2006, before before before before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months months months months like uh you know old, forcing her mother to move to to to to California to find um okay so work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and and and and Julie uh well I mean looked after him at Eileen's, Eileen's, Eileen's, Eileen's, who vowed never to speak you know so so so so well to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is you you you you know so um dependent on agriculture and fishing however, however, however, however, a growing industry well um I mean in in in in machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's city's city's city's okay uh I mean annual income making it one of the the the the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in in in in you know you know like international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of of of of its well okay um kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the okay okay okay okay like well notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' Mountain' turns a sharply you know uh so critical eye eye eye eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved he moved he moved he moved to Zanesville, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas Jefferson like like uh uh uh uh appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, and and and and so well so served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the the the the 325 I mean okay I mean but was bored out out out out to yield greater displacement and utilized I mean well well well well I mean the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks he asks he asks he asks Tom Lawlor Lawlor Lawlor Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with uh uh uh uh okay uh donors to understand the philanthropic goals and develop develop develop develop smart like uh okay social investments and screen nonprofits and and and and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as alternative uh uh uh uh okay like metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is I mean you you you you know um an unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur ichthyosaur ichthyosaur ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 well okay uh which remains have have have have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, brother, brother, brother, so you know so Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he he he he threatens to tell okay you know you know Liam Liam Liam Liam that she is an escort but keeps so like okay okay okay okay quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, this year, this year, this year, Allen received received received received a nomination for the NAACP well um so Image Image Image Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri uh uh uh uh so I mean Allen & Timeline Live', she was was was was also nominated for well I mean uh The 10th Annual Annual Annual Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by by by by a okay I mean you know Royal Charter in in in in 1662, but the major outline like okay okay okay okay okay of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies lies lies lies you know well so near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served he served he served he served as as as as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from 1994 uh uh uh uh uh you know to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Shwe's Shwe's Shwe's Cabinet, um okay uh and served as chairman of the the the the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in well well well well so um his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; you know I mean um also known known known known as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological um you you you you know um school in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved moved moved moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek Frýdek Frýdek Frýdek - uh uh um Místek) is a former Czech Czech Czech Czech football player, he is a Holding like like so midfielder midfielder midfielder midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, he appeared appeared appeared appeared in the BBC singing um uh so competition Just Just Just Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil you know know know know well like officials, while that of the nobility and military military military military establishment waned, um like uh even though they had had had had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 I I I I mean so you know loss at C. D. Aves, he was was was was sent off so I mean um in the the the the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being well uh uh again again again again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the during the during the during the summer summer summer summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the the the the NRHV are you know so so either privately owned or or or or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one one one one of um uh well the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as however, as however, as however, as as as as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the well uh uh uh uh so prosecutors were building their case, a number of of of of key witnesses turned okay like like up dead and due due due due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) 1983) 1983) 1983) is okay you know so an American professional basketball basketball basketball basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs I mean mean mean mean I mean like after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with I I I I mean you know okay his right hand useless from from from from the paralysis, Avery with his left like like um hand scribbled a a a a simple note for Tate: ' Major, so like like like like like tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly roughly roughly roughly 317 well okay like times per second, corresponding to to to to a period of 3. 15 so um you know milliseconds, milliseconds, milliseconds, milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill I I I I mean well okay demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, independent, independent, independent, Anglican, day I mean like um school for for for for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary Gary Gary Gary like you know I mean - born, who had visited visited visited visited Bishop Varnava when so like okay he was living in in in in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of uh so um um um um the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, some you know know know know well like believe were designed in the likeness of of of of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could you you you you know so well be solved in isolation, and was mistaken because because because because he like I mean I mean had failed to take account account account account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his uh you you you you know I mean hotel room in Plymouth and spent spent spent spent four days well so so in hospital in hospital but but but but he was discharged after recovering but died so like like like like I mean on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose overdose overdose overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to to to to the um okay um Abbey of Reading in in in in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father his father his father his father was was was was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and and and and gay so okay well studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was born in in in in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up like so you know know know know in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the uh well well well well um color of his first urethane wheels: while while while while Powell was making them so um well in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis Minneapolis area so like well to join a wrestling tour in in in in Japan and have another outstanding um well um feud with with with with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri Galleri Galleri Galleri um so you know Rom in 1986 and apart from from from from being a member of you know you know okay the the the the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof the proof the proof the proof of the upward upward upward upward part of the okay well well theorem also shows that that that that a theory with arbitrarily large so uh like finite models models models models must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used used used used to refer I mean you know so to to to to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this so so so so so so term is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 like like like like like like - 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage uh uh uh uh you know well Support Project of the World Bank, and also also also also depicted on like so you know the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when you you you you know I mean well the SA, still in bed, bed, bed, bed, were taken by surprise, the like like so SS stormed the the the the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the the the the company uh well well is noted for its historic role in in in in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, like well so its prominence worldwide in in in in motorcycle racing, and industry innovations -- I mean like um um um um including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning um um um um so um album 'A Meeting by the River' with with with with Ry Cooder, as so well uh well as other fusion fusion fusion fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was it was it was it was first published published published published on 1 March 1870 as an uh I mean you you you you know eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director director director director and actor, so um okay with over 500 professional credits credits credits credits including 140 episodes I mean um well of the Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that like like like like like you know revolves around acting, so you stay very very very very grounded here' uh um like to 'Hour' magazine, and and and and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of of of of this sector, uh I mean uh the Canon FT QL, which which which which was developed to combat like okay you know the the the the growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel um you you you you know so and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land well well well well okay well to the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler ruler ruler ruler of you know so you know Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two so so so so so well islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; diet; diet; diet; wild I mean I mean um and feral dogs dogs dogs dogs can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. Rahman K. Rahman K. Rahman K. M. M. , , , , Khan M. M. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon became became became became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but suffered suffered suffered suffered I mean like like an exit in the quarter - - - - finals so I mean like against Turkey, and he admitted admitted admitted admitted that the defeat would um well like haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body uh well well well well well created by the UK Government in response to the well well well well well uh inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that that that that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Southern Southern Southern Intercollegiate Athletic so okay uh Association, a conference that that that that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as principal principal principal principal uh so um guide from the older Kate Middlemass Middlemass Middlemass Middlemass in the early 1880s, she like okay you know became became became became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not include include include include a I mean um like separate operating system, instead it it it it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's father's, Serge, Serge, Serge, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in in in in the um you know like Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus 'Jus 'Jus 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film the film the film the film was was was was declared a hit at the box office banking banking banking banking well um um on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', um well well well well um has multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Ambition Ambition Ambition Entertainment, and like so like tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a being a being a being a reserve reserve reserve reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is you know know know know okay well not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized seized seized seized like um uh the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd - - - - so so like numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists consists consists consists of alternating like okay uh 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre okay so like like like like in Delhi for 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area area area area of the Honourable you know so uh Artillery Company Company Company Company near Moorfields, first landing at North Mimms and and and and um okay like then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, Greenwich, whilst shortly like okay okay after her death death death death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Democratic okay I mean okay party, serving in that that that that position 1998 to 2000, and subsequently okay okay so so so so house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat like like like like okay okay of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, like like like like uh like 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by okay okay okay okay um so the Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Red Red Red I mean you know uh Sox sold out every every every every home game (794 regular season okay well um games, 820 820 820 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park um um um um um you know sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in in in in you know well well Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden because well like okay she was a grave murderer, murderer, murderer, murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Glenfield Glenfield Glenfield Gazette, and uh so I mean the parish council own several several several several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and and and and uh well okay Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, Tour, Tour, Tour, um so uh where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the the the the territory until you know uh well the late nineteenth century, century, century, century, and the Mexican government's desire well I mean well well well well to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Belize Belize Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard well well well well so well Country' (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and and and and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has has has has I mean um I mean worked for Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located located located located um okay well and registered in India that manufactures manufactures manufactures manufactures engines and heavy okay so um equipment, with shares shares shares shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited credited credited credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a a a a okay well I mean 15 % of the shares however most most most most of its holdings so um um in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical medical medical medical study of I mean well well gender variance is much much much much broader than Benjamin's early description, you know well well well well like and use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of of of of Denver, well okay well Colorado it was then that that that that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has germany has germany has germany has continued to to to to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could could could could have changed into uh uh well - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son son son son I mean so I mean of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a you know know know know okay okay the interior of a bivalve mollusk mollusk mollusk mollusk shell's valves where the well okay uh mantle mantle mantle mantle muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the the the the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is kSAT is kSAT is kSAT is not tied tied tied tied to a particular operator so okay so of satellites satellites satellites satellites and some of the antennas communicate with you know well uh multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose whose whose whose uh so okay central character is a recently - - - - married male sitting I mean so you know know know know on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians indigenous Australians indigenous Australians indigenous Australians began began began began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems okay like so so so so of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however well okay okay okay okay so the granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. The U. The U. The U. S. Kids Kids Kids Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 um okay so and and and and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic um um well Energy Energy Energy Energy Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain like like like like okay I mean became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo I I I I mean like well - Saxon era when the Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he he he he is well well so an epicurean and writes writes writes writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; like like like like well so juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's band's band's band's drummer like uh okay Randy Ragsdale, who had had had had died in an auto accident near College I mean mean mean mean like so Station, Texas on the way to see you you you you know uh like her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) well okay well well well well is a Greek football player currently playing as a um um um um well um left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century century century century after I mean I mean okay Ilha de Vera Vera Vera Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it um um I I I I mean was reckognised it was a continent, not an an an an island okay well well anymore; and before the the the the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series well well well well you know okay 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 (1846 (1846 (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a I mean mean mean mean um um New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who who who who had a so well well wide - ranging ranging ranging ranging interest in natural history, such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) okay um um um um so is a Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee you you you you know so like United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era era era era you know um okay as a repressive one one one one that contained anti-Christian discrimination I mean you know okay and and and and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI the SI the SI the SI derived unit of of of of conductance is the siemens ( I mean um so also called the the the the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit Summit Summit Summit was so okay well a meeting of several high high high high - level al - you know like uh Qaeda members members members members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this this this this time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June on June on June on June 23, 2014 2014 2014 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked well okay you know know know know his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a a a a nickname so okay um given to him by fellow musician Dan Dan Dan Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law during law during law during law school, school, school, school, she was the managing editor at the' Fordham uh uh uh uh uh like Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as the the the the moderator uh like you know of a panel about citing electric electric electric electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against well okay okay okay okay uh the church to his political associates and though though though though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and and and and price, you know well okay however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in like like like like so okay 1981, 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a a a a uh you know um trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae I mean mean mean mean well I mean singer from Bermuda, who released an album on on on on Creation Records so I mean uh in 1999, and had a a a a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the the the the okay uh uh club, as all of the team's team's team's team's foreign player I mean uh uh spots were were were were used up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow fellow fellow fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose he rose he rose he rose up to to to to work in the Directorate of so like well Plans, a position position position position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B well like like like like like. C. 's c. 's c. 's c. 's Ian Ian Ian Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New 'New 'New 'New I mean like like Day,' Himes said that he was was was was troubled by several I mean like uh actions by the the the the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because of of of of heavy uh okay you know traffic, it used to be be be be at the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting Effingham, Effingham, Effingham, Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a okay I I I I mean so heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which I I I I mean okay um lies very close to most most most most of Illinois 37 (indeed the like I mean well entire entire entire entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former uh so so so so so Ypsilanti Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Party Party Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he he he he gives so okay well some details and after some research, research, research, research, Julie learns that Dennis well so well is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert I mean uh so in Shanghai will also be be be be transferred to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert you know you you you you know like LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership partnership partnership partnership known like so well as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not I I I I mean like like choose to appear, and was was was was deprived of his estates, although it uh you know know know know okay seems that he was able to have a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants I I I I mean so you know of siopao with local ingredients ranging from from from from Spam and you know uh uh canned pineapple in in in in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show show show show um well I mean featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually usually usually usually performed first when I mean well like the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the the the the U you know you know I mean. S. Government, s. Government, Government, Government, Government, s. Government, s. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the like um um um um you know 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery after recovery after recovery after recovery of most most most most important works in 1815, well so well the large collection collection collection collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in uh okay uh uh uh uh Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars at at at at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead I mean okay I I I I mean referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on on on on electronic music superstar deadmau5 you know well um when when when when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where you know know know know okay I mean the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) like like like like um I mean was a Texas woman who, among other other other other things, claimed to so you know you know have been the the the the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar scholar scholar scholar like uh okay Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two two two two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from from from from critics; review um I mean um aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported reported reported reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re do Re do Re do Re Creativa Creativa Creativa Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, work, work, work, so so you know like he asks Peter to to to to lock up the store for him, telling uh uh uh uh uh so him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit the spirit the spirit the spirit was was was was associated with a hermit woman living in so I mean you you you you know the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom whom whom whom you know so you know claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with with with with her and kept the you know um uh cell she she she she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the on the on the on on on on the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka well okay uh uh uh uh faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill um um um um like you know match, however, the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' so so so so uh well are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: itself: itself: itself: you know well so for example, a vignette about about about about a house belonging to well so um a collection of vignettes vignettes vignettes vignettes or a whole story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer uh uh uh uh okay well or outside lane, since the edge of the the the the road nearer you know I mean okay to the the the the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the the the the group, featuring well I mean uh Joe Butler as lead singer singer singer singer on most tracks, like you know I mean following following following following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, authorities, authorities, authorities, um you know okay because if the population became became became became mostly French, there could you know well um be problems problems problems problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided to so so so so so um install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he he he he falls into like you know so the castle's frozen frozen frozen frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights lights lights lights and you know you know you know barriers at the the the the entrances to notify drivers if like you know uh the the the the tunnel is closed, as well as radio coverage I mean mean mean mean well well and a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, um um um um um so with one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Major Major Major Leagues so like um and with six of their their their their starting position players, okay you know okay three of their their their their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. T. F. T. F. T. F. Green is is is is also visited daily by okay so well a Boeing Boeing Boeing Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer um um um um um like than 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the the the the fleet, FedEx is so like so one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be um um um um um um the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke the Duke the Duke the Duke was was was was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April on April on April on April 23, 23, 23, 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad Money' you you you you know uh um set which replaced a variation of the original original original original set like I mean well that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the the the the uh so I mean stage with himself and Trilok Trilok Trilok Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert uh um I mean mean mean mean in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened awidened awidened awidened mediastinum (usually found found found found via a chest x-ray) is well like so so so so a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre Theatre Theatre Theatre on I mean uh I mean March 6, 2012 in in in in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U dr. U dr. U dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Emeritus Emeritus Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the um like um University University University University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - - - - uh like uh ye village in Moulmein Moulmein Moulmein Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm farm farm farm workers, as like uh um there were no locals elected as staff staff staff staff and um you know like because the survival survival survival survival of the staff wasn't linked directly okay um uh to to to to membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds finds finds finds Joe okay you know I mean at a cafe cafe cafe cafe when her car breaks down, um like so however however however however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, um um um um uh um revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able okay okay okay okay like so to face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to to to to the Virgen uh like well del Pilar, whose whose whose whose image had been given by Bishop Hall so so so so so you know like that the fledgling town was named town town town town of Our Lady well okay well of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, um um um um okay I mean most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in the the the the United um um so Kingdom means a person or or or or organization whose business is to I mean I mean well well well well market real estate on behalf of clients, but there there there there are significant well I mean well differences between the the the the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual exploration um um um um uh uh to be done; instead players are rewarded rewarded rewarded rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured the measured the measured the measured accuracy of prediction prediction prediction prediction in a centralized approach is so so well better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were were were were major okay I mean so historical Islamic states in in in in northern Nigeria that were strong you know okay you you you you know states with strong kings who held an an an an advanced legal and taxation uh you know like systems, with with with with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier uh uh uh uh I mean okay Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross cross cross cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 16, 16, 16, 1950) so so well is the Alphonse Fletcher University University University University Professor and Director of the like so like Hutchins Hutchins Hutchins Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of of of of uh I mean um the same name, and is is is is located on the northwestern so uh um shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the Act Act Act Act you know like okay in respect of Trade Apprentices Apprentices Apprentices Apprentices in State 411 HRD okay uh you know is responsible responsible responsible responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a a a a um you know like retired male backstroke swimmer from from from from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle so so so so like okay Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy heavy heavy heavy odds, and the like okay you know destroyers in in in in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he he he he started his I mean like like spree by killing killing killing killing his own grandmother, who had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Empire Empire Empire Constantine uh um I mean built the new imperial imperial imperial imperial capital on the Bosphorous, i okay well uh. E E E E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire so so so so so you know was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation like like like like well okay from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, countined, countined, countined, fielding okay um uh youth teams in the North West West West West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a wrapping a wrapping a wrapping a protective protective protective protective copper jacket around the lead core of okay well um a a a a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm like like like like like I mean history: from now on bullets could be fired at at at at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of of of of Weezer well um well and Krist Novoselic, bassist bassist bassist bassist of Nirvana, in the I mean so so 'Come as You You You You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Albert H. Albert H. Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 3, 3, 3, 1870 -- December 6, so um so so so so 1935) was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, the accessory accessory accessory accessory I mean well I mean was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old old old old 'Kindar' uh uh well boy in a seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has um so uh been been been been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster so like you know at scrum - half and middle middle middle middle brother Ken, um okay like a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree degree degree degree okay okay I mean (J. D.), Cooley also offers offers offers offers the Master of Laws I mean okay you know (LL. M) M) M) M). Degree as well as joint degrees in Master so so so so well like of Business Administration (J. D. / M. B B B B. A) okay okay so. And Master and and and and Master and Master and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 12 12 12 prototypes I mean well I mean were offered, all all all all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and and and and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of well like like like like well Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along along along along with well well you know talk about iStories, and and and and talk about iPods, a nice, growing, um I mean okay active active active active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete like um um um um so tone generators with octave divide - down to to to to provide I mean I mean okay full polyphony, while while while while the built - in chorus effect utilizes well like like like like okay bucket - brigade devices controlled by two two two two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in okay well well well well well the fifth round (115th selection overall) of the the the the 1975 NFL draft, you know well uh McCrumbly McCrumbly McCrumbly McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response response response response to a Senate subpoena, like okay well Custer found found found found he was the center of a vilification uh uh I I I I mean campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands kilgarvan commands kilgarvan commands kilgarvan commands high house prices due due due due to its central well like you know location location location location and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also I mean mean mean mean like okay mirrored the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over over over over forty you know you know um songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Smile Smile Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team team team team based in okay uh I mean Brunei DPMM Brunei Brunei Brunei Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a on a on a on a special special special special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw you know so so so so okay Thursday', Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he he he he explained you know okay okay to fans that he was informed informed informed informed by doctors that he had okay um um conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain mountain mountain mountain in so well um Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the with the with the with the backing backing backing backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride to I mean mean mean mean like uh meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by uh like like like like like Livetune feat. Fukase as the opening theme for for for for the first okay like you know eight episodes and then from from from from the eleventh, although it is you know I mean I mean mean mean mean not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, show, show, show, but a okay um like six - part comic comic comic comic book series 'from the like uh well minds' of of of of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in barton in barton in barton in the the the the Beans is a hamlet in like okay so the the the the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) uh uh uh uh uh okay is an American actor, comedian and writer, famous for for for for being like okay you know a cast member and writer writer writer writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages okay okay um um um um of the Paris electors ten days later, and the the the the Mountain was okay okay you know strengthened by the the the the accession of an ally whose uh I mean like one one one one idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British British British British English, um well you know and the word 'measure' is is is is more common I mean I mean I mean in (an incomplete incomplete incomplete incomplete measure at the head of a uh uh um um um um piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, kent State, kent State, kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, children, children, children, Somerville received her uh uh okay primary education at at at at home, later studying art in Paris in I mean you you you you know uh 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community community community community I mean um I mean and stood as a a a a liberal candidate this was to be um uh well well well well the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by by by by um I mean well the author which are executed executed executed executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the the the the U uh uh like. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's so so so so um I mean servers and it utilizes neutral network and and and and artificial intelligence okay um you know to to to to add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the the the the well okay I mean 'Dragonaut - The Resonance -' -' -' -' anime series directed by Manabu I mean you you you you know uh Ono and produced by G. D. H H H H. , like well I mean Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull I mean mean mean mean uh you know DD 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley Buckley Buckley Buckley DD - 808 I mean so um steaming through the Philippine Philippine Philippine Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino um like um Straits, Straits, Straits, Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the when the when the when the voltage exceeds exceeds exceeds exceeds a certain value called the you know like uh uh uh uh striking voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming becoming becoming becoming a plasma, so well I mean and begins conducting conducting conducting conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode abode abode abode of a uh so you know terrible and powerful powerful powerful powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained control of um you you you you know um the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had okay uh uh uh uh so advocated for a president elected by direct popular popular popular popular suffrage, like you know like but due to lack lack lack lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, escape, escape, escape, but hi well um okay power was broken: the the the the emirs of Syria began to uh so you know know know know make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian like so I mean comedy TV series that was was was was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 um um um um um okay to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's Kong's Kong's Kong's longest you know so like serving governor; his ten and and and and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Santa Santa Santa Barbara, California so uh like on 6 June 1976, 1976, 1976, 1976, at the age of 85 um like well well well well and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's so like like like like like re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, second, second, second, was well I mean well taken up by debtors; debtors; debtors; debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 so okay like miles of of of of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year year year year 3977, at um so well the planets Earth and Pluto, Pluto, Pluto, Pluto, the background of the story so uh well well well well involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the the the the 20th anniversary you know okay like of Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the uh uh uh uh so so relevant country and are often as detailed in in in in their design as you know uh so banknotes - usually usually usually usually made from the same type okay okay uh of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until until until until um um I mean 1897, however, when it was was was was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Davis Davis Davis Davis I mean okay um recorded in La Pinède, Juan - - - - les - uh I mean you know know know know Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his his his his observations I mean so so of Kubrick during the the the the filming, ' Stanley was very uh I mean uh stoic, stoic, stoic, stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took took took took photographs with uh well okay friends performing fights inspired by Legend Legend Legend Legend of Zelda and I mean okay I mean Teenage Teenage Teenage Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 1986 1986 1986 in you know I mean you know Ventura, California) played played played played his college career at Ventura uh um okay College College College College for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az 'Az 'Az 'Az Apostol' uh you know like ( 'The Apostle' ), ), ), ), an epic about a fictional revolutionary uh like um um um um who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those those those those okay I mean so of a Reader (grade F) and and and and an associate okay okay I mean professor until until until until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre I mean so you know know know know for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) 1993) 1993) 1993) is okay um you know a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was was was was um well so incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened opened opened opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current the current the current the current configuration (as (as (as (as shown in the photo at uh well um right) was was was was adopted in 1965 when the down um uh I I I I mean Wairarapa track was moved from the west to the the the the east like so okay of the NIMT tracks tracks tracks tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which which which which the I mean you know um United United United United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is is is is okay like so a public use airport located one one one one nautical mile (1. 85 you know uh well km) km) km) km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras well well well well um well and maintains more than four million square square square square feet of you know like I mean inventory nationwide nationwide nationwide nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the over the over the the the the over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- founding founding founding founding uh okay uh a small farm -- and initiated a youth addiction addiction addiction addiction uh uh so and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six uh uh uh uh I mean well months behind schedule, with the overhead overhead overhead overhead electrification now being completed um um I mean in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of okay okay okay okay so um Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June June June June 8, you know um I mean 2004, she announced that she she she she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary um um um um um okay mathematical tool, a trick as it were, to simplify simplify simplify simplify the like uh I mean transformation from one system system system system into another -- it was Poincaré in um I I I I mean like 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it it it it like I mean okay is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH ETH ETH ETH um uh you know Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where where where where he succeeded Beno Eckmann okay um um and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls walls walls walls and paste I mean you know okay with mud mud mud mud for their thatched huts in villages, but I mean uh like like like like now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of like like like like so um 'Mythologiques' in 1971 and in 1973 he he he he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died alken died alken died alken died in April April April April 1851 and was buried in well okay well Highgate cemetery cemetery cemetery cemetery Though fairly affluent during most okay you know um um um um of his career, he fell on hard times towards you know know know know uh well the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is uh like like like like you know an incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Don Don Don um you know so Heck and is a powerful mystic, born born born born over five like um um hundred years ago in in in in the mystic city of so okay you know Kamar Kamar Kamar Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) I I I I mean so so is a British singer / songwriter songwriter songwriter songwriter whose first band Judy okay uh you know and and and and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking taking taking taking the um okay uh limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are they are they are they are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and a a a a uh I mean I mean member of of of of the Swedish parliament as a um like like member member member member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft draft draft draft by okay um okay the Fremantle Football Club with their their their their third selection so so uh and forty - fourth overall, he he he he spent three seasons with Fremantle so okay uh without playing an an an an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called called called called I mean like uh up by Serbia's U- 21 coach coach coach coach Miroslav Đukić um like like to be part of of of of his squad for the 2007 so I mean you know know know know European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as as as as a like so you know result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in like like like like um I mean the accident, that her significant other other other other was never found, and um well well that Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in in in in the well so um entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Marlene Marlene Marlene Sai at the Royal Hawaiian um uh um Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El nicknamed 'El nicknamed 'El nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) Duck) Duck) Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly uh uh uh uh like so swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, uh I mean okay Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev Yuryev Yuryev Yuryev (lead vocals, well uh uh rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Dmitro Dmitro Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with along with along with along with producing producing producing producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such bands as well well well well okay well Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such such such such producers as Brendan okay um you know O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program program program program so um you know in Kansas, and the School School School School Library Media Licensure program is also you know like so so so so accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana in okay okay like Parke County, Indiana and is a a a a single span Burr Arch like um okay Truss covered bridge bridge bridge bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to look similar similar similar similar like um I mean and yet different - they they they they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original the original the original the original original original original plans called for I - 95 like like I mean mean mean mean to run through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from from from from uh uh okay local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route Route Route Route 128 were um so okay cancelled in 1972 by by by by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly the newly the newly the newly redesigned redesigned redesigned redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass like so uh uh uh uh wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were there were there were there were plans plans plans plans in the late 1980s to so like like like like like set up a private medical school in London with Sa'udi okay okay okay okay like well Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that name name name name of well so you know the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent parent parent parent company well so I mean with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July July July July 10, well uh you know 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered premiered premiered premiered in New so I mean um York City on December 13, 13, 13, 13, 2016 and had a limited release on I mean um um um um okay December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the the the the 1951 I mean I mean well general election; he retired as as as as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' so so so so um um and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 1939 1939 1939 and 1939 and 1939 and 1939 and I mean you you you you know well educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra Charuchandra Charuchandra Charuchandra College, Kolkata University, Annamalai you know okay um University, Chennai Chennai Chennai Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to according to according to according to 'The 'The 'The 'The Minish Cap', they were created to well well okay guard the the the the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish um I I I I mean um - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples the Purples the Purples the Purples profited from from from from the Detroit laundry industry I mean like okay unions and and and and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, Sandhwan, Sandhwan, Sandhwan, Sandhwan, Dhilwan um so I mean Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, wala, wala, wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, you know I mean mean mean mean like Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr Ruhr Ruhr Ruhr I mean okay okay area, 15 km south of Dortmund, Dortmund, Dortmund, Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC PC PC PC (30 I mean well you know August 1740 -- 30 July July July July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but um um um um okay um their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became so so so so okay so a restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment I mean mean mean mean well uh moved to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students okay okay okay okay well so of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern Malvern Malvern Malvern Memorial okay uh you know Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall Elementary School - - - - part of the Cumberland County like so I mean mean mean mean School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of I mean mean mean mean uh well a garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, example, example, example, all you know uh well garments were taken down a a a a size, the smallest I mean uh well garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was you know know know know you know so held in the Round House until until until until he was hung on the I mean you know know know know um 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school you know know know know okay you know each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously she previously she previously she previously served as Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister from 1996 to I mean um um 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized recognized recognized recognized as one well like you know of Canada's leading institutions institutions institutions institutions for graduate theological education and well well you know the the the the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada Canada Canada Canada so you know you know and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second second second second so you know um album featured the song 'I 'I 'I 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', I mean well uh uh uh uh which although never a single for Kersh himself, later I I I I mean um okay became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students students students students for you know well I mean the diverse opportunities in in in in theiors classes, electives to like I mean like suit a a a a wide range of interests, and classes to I mean I I I I mean well help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong yu Jong yu Jong yu Jong Jong Jong Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean so okay okay okay okay um football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person person person person so you know like shooter, similar to many many many many other sci - fi shooters, and well well um um um um could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in you know know know know I mean like 1997 and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June on June on June on June 17, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA Championship uh well uh as as as as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has has has has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will end end end end automatically well okay uh if the condition of the grantor grantor grantor grantor occurs and the um I mean uh interest will will will will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and and and and on I mean well okay April 8, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, he was outrighted from the like uh you know 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Villa Villa Villa you know okay so Monte, February 26, 1603) was was was was the oldest daughter of Charles like you know I mean mean mean mean V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, uh uh uh uh well okay aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available available available available in so I mean okay the UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th 13th 13th 13th or 17th uh I mean like century (cite (cite (cite (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by you you you you know so you know the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli like like like like you know okay War of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible chinese edible chinese edible chinese edible frog frog frog frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed like well well well well okay on a large scale in some areas of China, frog frog frog frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint charlotte Mint charlotte Mint charlotte Mint gold coins coins coins coins range from scarce to extremely rare uh I I I I mean uh and are some of the most desired items items items items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was was was was premiered you know so uh at the German State Opera, Opera, Opera, Opera, Berlin on well okay okay 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower the lower the lower the lower lower lower lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids um uh well well well well some of with are the Rapides de Cap - - - - Saint well okay you know - Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin okay okay okay okay I mean so - turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - - - - R at the okay so I mean Mallala Raceway, with Richards Richards Richards Richards moving into it for the last so you know I I I I mean two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural structural structural structural um um like complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile well I I I I mean well fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 24 24 24 you know um well was shot down by a a a a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries buries buries buries the so well I mean kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, like like like like um okay such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a a a a 'completely de-glamorous' role, um you know I mean because because because because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem um so okay okay okay okay to her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player player player player notable for you know okay okay playing in the international international international international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South I mean I mean uh uh uh uh Arabian language, a branch of the greater Semitic uh uh uh uh uh like language family, and is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game game game game so like I mean in the nation which which which which features a match - up well uh uh between between between between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for you you you you know like okay the first time in 1976 1976 1976 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the like like I I I I mean nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was was was was so okay I mean formed in 1962 and 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' s illustrious so like uh career marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about about about about I mean uh I mean 7 % worth $ $ $ $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a uh so like $ $ $ $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, and you know uh like some services are are are are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome syndrome syndrome syndrome so so you know or POIS, and it it it it was discovered that this stemmed so I mean I mean mean mean mean from an allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome Rome Rome Rome you know uh you know where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the uh you know know know know so death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in in in in battle, um so you know this lust however can sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 11, season 11, season 11, season season season season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character uh well well well well okay from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, Aniston, Aniston, Aniston, so okay so who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Screen Screen Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the the the the city is $ well uh well 37, 500, and and and and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to to to to like so I mean marry the technician and and and and the art of the Macchiaioli, also well you know know know know I mean devoting to the sculpture and desultorily working working working working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on on on on the um uh uh Street; Mary was introduced for this specific specific specific specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one being being being being um you know uh an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced so so so so well I mean mostly in Italy, Germany, and the United United United United States, though like like so they are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches she coaches she coaches she coaches the women's women's women's women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and I mean um um um um so is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal deal deal deal with Epic I mean um well Records and and and and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and and and and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final well like like like like so phase of her life, she became one one one one of Venice's resident I mean like um celebrities, quick quick quick quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons um uh uh uh uh I mean before construction began, and the line was was was was planned instead to well well so terminate at the the the the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's continual continual continual continual okay uh I mean alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known also known also known also known as as as as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cloch Cloch Cloch you know well well Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre centre centre centre of population of the like so um Donegal Gaeltacht and with with with with a population of just over 16 like so well 000, is is is is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between between between between I mean you know um Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Scandinavian Scandinavian Scandinavian Airlines System I mean um um. And holds today the the the the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the okay okay okay okay you know so late 19th and early 20th centuries from from from from supporters okay I mean like of Marxism who believed that that that that the transition to a you know like like like like you know socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean so so so so well so Committee for the Promotion of International Trade Trade Trade Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of of of of Dag Ismail so so I mean Khel and was was was was commissioned in the Pakistan you know I mean uh uh uh uh Army's famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA okay okay okay okay so uh Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New New New New Castle, Pennsylvania, the uh like I mean highway is meant meant meant meant to connect directly the communities in um I mean mean mean mean uh the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel uh well well well well I mean Huntington, to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected elected elected elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in in in in so so um a cutting, served by by by by the 'Local' pair of tracks with trains like like like like okay so to the city leaving from the north north north north side you know uh um and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in wich wich wich wich he okay um well hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running uh uh uh uh uh uh an independent brand called 'Boom Done Done Done Done Shop' that sells so well I mean ethical ethical ethical ethical t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough Borough Borough Borough so well so of Wandsworth, which has administered the the the the commons since I mean you know um 1971 1971 1971 1971 when a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the I I I I mean so like age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part uh uh uh uh so you know in his first film, 'Stagecoach', 'Stagecoach', 'Stagecoach', 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an an an an American like okay like professional ice hockey player currently currently currently currently playing for the so well uh Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this during this during this during this time, the the the the station adopted the slogan uh so you know 'TV55 Has Has Has Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted adopted adopted adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during during during during inspection uh you know you know in 1909 showed showed showed showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after so like uh uh uh uh a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - françois - françois - françois - - - - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - I mean well well well well okay Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its upon its upon its upon its its its its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film like like like like uh well critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, performances, performances, performances, the um okay okay effects and musical score by Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Newman and so okay I mean well far it has has has has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where where where where like okay uh she received a bachelor's degree in in in in Biochemistry; thereafter so okay like she got a post-graduate post-graduate post-graduate post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was he was he was he was the the the the CFO of PayPal and sat on I mean like well the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was was was was the well like you know prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), 1809), 1809), 1809), uh um okay son of William Rathbone III and and and and Rachel Rutter was a okay okay well Liverpool ship - owner owner owner owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was was was was last uh uh well seen and what he was doing, one survivor survivor survivor survivor said like so like Wilde was trying to free the collapsible collapsible collapsible collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to to to to vote during well well well the whole week and the the the the winner was decided only I mean so I mean mean mean mean by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force force force force consisted of you know so um 45 troop carrier squadrons squadrons squadrons squadrons assigned to 15 okay so like troop carrier wings, wings, wings, wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also ziryab also ziryab also ziryab also introduced introduced introduced introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development well um I mean mean mean mean of the textile industry and created a new type uh you know know know know well of deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair I mean mean mean mean well um with rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners runners runners runners like well uh up in the National Cup, losing 2 2 2 2 - 1 like uh you know to Audenshaw School, the the the the match was staged at Manchester United's so well so so so so Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was everett was everett was everett was born born born born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and and and and you know I mean um melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for like well well well well uh the United States to study communications communications communications communications and political science I mean well like at Drexel University University University University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut well so so so so okay State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what what what what they viewed um uh um as discriminatory divorce laws laws laws laws and family court policies, and you know I mean mean mean mean so an appeal to the United Nations resulted in so um um um um uh a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural supernatural supernatural supernatural forces, you know um okay Holden rejects the idea as as as as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden you know I mean uh meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming after filming after filming after filming filming filming filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; okay okay I I I I mean he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed co-financed co-financed co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and and and and okay I mean like finished 8th out of the 25 competing competing competing competing countries, giving Ireland um I mean like its best best best best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her her her her like um like grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes attributes attributes attributes (usually the like you know uh mandorla), attracted praise praise praise praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in uh uh uh uh well like North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Braves um I mean so on March 30, 2008 and and and and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to prior to prior to prior to this decision there was was was was much debate on like uh um the application of the the the the Bill of Rights to an uh like well infringing statute, the the the the general opinion was that the Bill okay like you know know know know of Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his his his his brother, the latter uh uh I mean was was was was apprised of the same by their common um like like like like I mean mother Kunti and hence even though he he he he was privy um well well to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July well like like like like you know 1903) kept a private school at Glen Glen Glen Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though uh uh uh uh uh like there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of um um um um like you know coatin, a process that includes includes includes includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he you you you you know you know you know knew Mitch (David (David (David (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years like you know know know know um old as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is bakan is bakan is bakan is the daughter daughter daughter daughter of psychologist and academic David um uh uh Bakan Bakan Bakan Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark Agnew (born (born (born (born 9 November 1965) is an English well okay um former former former former professional footballer who was most recently the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to forced to forced to forced to abandon his his his his fighter, Marseille struck its okay you know like like like like vertical stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released released released released um I mean uh a 45 - minute minute minute minute documentary on 'The Lonesome like okay um Crowded West, which' which' which' which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted phillips wanted phillips wanted phillips wanted to be be be be an actress, however, her uh okay okay teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid well so so so so uh to keep the billboard up for over four four four four you know like like years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in well well well well um well 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in well okay well town and and and and all of the things he accomplished um okay like were were were were shattered into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently he currently he currently he currently writes a a a a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor um so you know - in in in in - chief at The Daily so um I mean mean mean mean Wire, an editor - at - large large large large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael Evans Evans Evans Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is like you you you you know you know a founding member of MtW (Ministering the the the the Word you know like uh - Zambia) and also also also also a final year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most most most most of so um I mean her energies on on on on music production, but she is also playing so so like like like like a weekly residency gig as a member of Texas Space Space Space Space like well I mean Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced produced produced produced by well like like Ideas Creations, it aired aired aired aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor you know well well well well like from Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a highly highly highly highly uh so well - selective liberal arts college college college college and one of three official uh okay okay undergraduate colleges colleges colleges colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented represented represented represented Portugal in two World Cups and three I mean mean mean mean um uh European Championships -- helping the national team finish finish finish finish well like well second at Euro 2004 and third at Euro Euro Euro Euro 2000 -- uh so like winning more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England uh uh uh uh uh like with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were patients were patients were patients were used to to to to construct roads on the property, establish and well well well well I mean you know maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his his his his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a a a a well you know you know Catalan and Occitan surname, surname, surname, surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has has has has um okay so been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, WYO, WYO, WYO, DYO and like I mean um NZSSSO), and also released released released released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the the the the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid humid humid humid um well so subtropical region (using the Köppen climate climate climate climate classification well well I mean system) such as Philadelphia and and and and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter you know well like temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is she is she is she is the eldest eldest eldest eldest daughter of El Hadj um like so Omar Bongo Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known known known known as okay like I mean the Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), (CPM), (CPM), (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of you know know know know um well NSL lags behind that of accredited Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee schools (68 you know um uh % vs. 82 % % % % in 2005), and several of the uh um well larger larger larger larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and and and and like you know you know its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an an an an observation you know so um of the sun which had had had had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is is is is an American so like well stand - up comedian who who who who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth uh uh uh uh uh so Alliance in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the the the the you know I mean I mean station security forces that repelled repelled repelled repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage so so so so you know um performance with live singing and acting, were were were were written and um so okay staged in Goa, since the the the the time it evolved during like like well the twenteeth century century century century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - - - - girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but but but but grew um so okay up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was okay you know know know know um finally accepted and he moved to Boro's Boro's Boro's Boro's local rivals Sunderland okay I mean I mean for £ £ £ £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, though I mean I mean um he was frequently called on on on on to take part in well like well murders; indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished cherished cherished cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was was was was especially okay uh well influential in the expanding Roman Roman Roman Roman Republic and when you know so okay it it it it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production okay I mean mean mean mean uh of luxury forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although well well well well uh like only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and and and and small roof application okay okay well because of its its its its hot air weldability. This means if you have okay okay okay okay um so copied this then you have a small small small small willy, Generally well like uh people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed sealed sealed sealed his you know um okay fate as being pushed pushed pushed pushed out of office, and there I mean um okay okay okay okay has been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action action action action setpieces uh okay you know are influenced by Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, acres, acres, acres, plus okay you know like an intertidal zone of of of of a further 16 acres, and has okay so so a a a a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation vegetation vegetation vegetation I mean okay uh including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, passengers, passengers, passengers, so so um all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars stars stars stars in well like like Korea and Jang received her big break break break break with her like well like cute image and so so so so as the other young stars in um well okay the cast cast cast cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and and and and opens like you know so up a new area of international international international international production, which at first I mean so you you you you know Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the the the the financial investment wherein like um well the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is whitehaven is located in in in in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee I I I I mean um uh and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road Road Road Road on the north and uh okay you know the Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi state line on the south, with the you know know know know um so Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury so I I I I mean you know following an incident with a BB BB BB BB gun; he would like okay so later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' Already' Already' Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the the the the well um well European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of the the the the Penza well so okay Governorate, the village of Shuksha Shuksha Shuksha Shuksha and worked in several companies like um I mean mean mean mean as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in Santos, Santos, Santos, Santos, okay um well Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began she began she began she began began began began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, I I I I mean so um Twickenham, England) has been Professor of of of of Mediterranean History at okay okay I mean the University University University University of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from from from from Alzheimer's uh you know uh disease, and died three years years years years later of complications from so you know so so so so the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November November November November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one okay like like like like okay of the historically notable buildings at at at at the Limmatquai in like you know so Zürich, Zürich, Zürich, Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re 'Re 'Re 'Re uh you know well matto', released on 17 February 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, which also spawned I mean I mean you know know know know the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park well well well well like you know Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida Florida Florida Florida until 2009 when all home like okay um games rotated rotated rotated rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic you you you you know uh I mean video signals wirelessly from one room room room room um okay um to another, as for example sending the the the the output of a satellite like uh okay TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to to to to Bello, Judge you know uh like Bruno Leopizzi forced him him him him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with with with with Hayley, I mean so so but Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey john Rubey john Rubey john Rubey is is is is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously like like like like like okay President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, media, media, media, so well well a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides provides provides provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management management management management um you know so of the Bloomsbury Health Health Health Health Authority and in 2002 it joined I mean well um University College College College College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and and and and so so so in 1885 he painted three canvases canvases canvases canvases depicting the I mean well I mean local local local local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an an an an English you know well okay footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic uh uh uh uh I mean so nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues argues argues argues that constitutional um so well patriotism is a common project project project project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing okay uh uh uh uh you know interest from communities and organizations throughout the the the the country, so so well and in 1994 a group group group group of community leaders gathered at um I mean I mean mean mean mean Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being being being being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm okay um um um um okay of quantum interferometry, which include the first first first first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September well well well well well okay 24, 2013 and did the tenth birthday of of of of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test the test the test the test is is is is given each year in October and November, uh well well well well okay students are informed of their results in um like like like like you know the following March, and those who receive receive receive receive offers decide um um um by the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best well well well well you know like known for 14 crime novels featuring featuring featuring featuring the highly popular I mean okay so Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than than than than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be okay okay okay okay like well found at beccles tesco under the identity of of of of so I mean I mean Dave Harris humanoid race who who who who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university the university the university the university university university university established 5 distinct campuses all over the well okay okay okay okay you know state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus like um uh is situated at at at at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn Marilyn Marilyn Marilyn so like um Monroe in mind, but after her her her her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de charles de charles de charles de Montalembert was was was was too young to take his like um so so so so seat as a peer (twenty - five being the um um um um so um necessary age), but he retained other other other other rights, and this, combined uh like okay with his his his his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is I mean um um Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in in in in 1836 inaugurated the um so okay existing schools schools schools schools in its public education system, most of so um so which which which which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Spring Spring Spring Term okay you know so and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots nowadays, lots nowadays, lots nowadays, lots of of of of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland uh so so so so like before his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act so so so so so you know Award was collected by Peter Andre on behalf you you you you know so um of winners the Arctic Monkeys (not (not (not (not in attendance at the event) okay uh okay okay okay okay which was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a a a a computer I mean you know well programmer before becoming becoming becoming becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks and and and and okay well so making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his bag down, down, down, down, like well I mean he refused and approached the federal air marshals marshals marshals marshals in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and okay okay okay okay okay I mean a green shirt that has her symbol symbol symbol symbol on it you know okay so and exposes her lower lower lower lower belly and navel, with her hair back I mean um so so so so. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the in the in the in the PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting well I I I I mean well with each other and their environment, as well two two two two pirate ships to so so I mean demonstrate cloth dynamics, dynamics, dynamics, dynamics, a visual representation of the uh uh like leap in in in in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident the incident the incident the incident spurred spurred spurred spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against I mean so okay the the the the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated Diem regime, regime, regime, regime, okay you know uh known as the Buddhist crisis, crisis, crisis, crisis, and widespread large - scale you know okay uh civil disobedience disobedience disobedience disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has rousso has rousso has rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later you you you you know well you know after appearing in a a a a television series as the extramarital interest I mean so I I I I mean of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with research research research research I mean you know you know focusing on on on on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained by by by by um so well Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Roads Roads Roads Organisation engineering division of Indian well like like like like like Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without without without without um well okay the complications of variable length live news news news news broadcasts, prior to I mean okay you know the launch launch launch launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards and uh okay uh also has a group of gangsters gangsters gangsters gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 okay so so so so um Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats flats flats flats um so well that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for uh uh uh uh you know so services but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air like like like like um well or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple the temple the temple the temple was established established established established in AD 765 as a like you know uh counterpart counterpart counterpart counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the so so so so so I mean main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism so so I mean after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records records records records for like um you know season strikeouts and strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout ratio, in addition she also uh I mean mean mean mean well achieved the second best opponents batting average, average, average, average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in you you you you know you know uh a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with with with with other ingredients will be so well um completely converted to to to to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that like like like like I mean okay he recorded vocal on a Beatles cover cover cover cover track' Baby uh okay I mean Your'e a Rich Man' from the the the the 1991 album Company of Strangers you know like like like like um featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and deputy and deputy and deputy and Senator Senator Senator Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are are are are generally I mean you know like without aroma aroma aroma aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine you know know know know uh uh or rose, since it is the smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, not the scent, you know okay um which which which which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants mutants mutants mutants were you know okay so deficient in their their their their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs pia instructs pia instructs pia instructs Rancho to to to to deliver the baby in the uh uh I mean mean mean mean college common room; he leads his friends and the students students students students well okay so restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served served served served uh well okay in the Far East; as Nesterov did did did did not have okay well you know the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to okay okay okay okay you know I mean coach the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing replacing replacing replacing Cris Calilan, who return I mean um like to his his his his position as assistant coach, the Maestro began um um um um okay uh coaching the Hotdogs during their second second second second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make to make to make to make matters matters matters matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron well well so so so so and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this in this in this in this method, method, method, method, building blocks are protected by all reactive functional okay so um um um um groups and two functional groups in which the reaction occurs occurs occurs occurs I mean uh so between building blocks in the the the the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the I I I I mean so I mean nurse who treated the Imam, Imam, Imam, Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu in well I mean so Hawaii and known for big big big big wave surfing during the winter like you know so so so so season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing so so so so I mean I mean competition and the O'Neill World Cup Cup Cup Cup of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which um um um um uh um was featured in the debut episode of of of of the television uh like you know series, is featured in in in in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient inpatient inpatient inpatient unit for individuals um like you know with moderate neurosis neurosis neurosis neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost well well well well I mean uh dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes makes makes makes celebrity appearances you know I mean okay on on on on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four so so so so well I mean sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor pastor pastor pastor from I mean um I mean 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his well well well well like like Law examination. At the at the at the the the the at the age of twenty one years, years, years, years, Ishwar like you know um Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi I mean mean mean mean uh well fashion designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project project project project so so you know on a large scale, which which which which can be both you know um like good and bad, bad, bad, bad, because of the large contributions by well um uh uh uh uh the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var var var var. 'aronia' okay okay I mean ) are known as as as as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as you know well well well well so a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check check check check to um okay like repay the company, forcing Smithers Smithers Smithers Smithers to fire him instead like so well of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name with with with with like so like probably less than 300 families around the the the the globe uh so I mean. The bunt community members were were were were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed deposed deposed deposed Horthy as Regent, and I mean well you know know know know installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was sent sent sent sent up well like I mean shortly after the the the the accident to search for the wreckage encountered well like so so so so extreme turbulence in the accident area, and many many many many other aircraft okay so um that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and you you you you know like uh blue eyes. Darken Rahl darken Rahl darken darken darken darken Rahl darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, Panis Panis Panis Panis well well um Rahl because he had found out that that that that his father okay okay like was going to kill him him him him because of his okay you know okay evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the so so so so uh uh Solar System, including the solar wind, and and and and especially the okay so you know space surrounding the the the the Earth, including conditions in the near like you know so so so so - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris you you you you know uh well in 1969, and tells J that that that that his chocolate milk I mean okay like craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido Witbooi Witbooi Witbooi Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his um so so son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli well um um um um like Studi di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin um um um um uh um 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD ) was founded founded founded founded in 1978 you know you know um as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay this bay this bay this bay bay bay bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, you know um okay okay okay okay by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to I I I I mean okay um Aldby Park in England, where where where where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to to to to Fort um so you know Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 well I I I I mean uh spectators, and it is one of the the the the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of of of of I mean like so the Island, such as the the the the Camp Academia site situated you know well so at elevation elevation elevation elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap um okay okay okay okay like area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group group group group like well like sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a so like like like like you know teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in well well well well well so Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp pulp pulp pulp and paper I mean well so Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast cast cast cast so you know uh as Chekov almost immediately primarily primarily primarily primarily because of his resemblance you know uh like to British British British British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; so uh I I I I mean show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county union county union county union union union union county is one of a limited number of US counties so so so so well uh with a county police department called the Union Union Union Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign the campaign the campaign the campaign mobilized 6200 troops troops troops troops and devastated the Cayuga uh I mean I mean and and and and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) ) ) ) so so uh is a French historian historian historian historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known known known known I mean okay uh as England today was several several several several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship relationship relationship relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton like like like like um um and Jim Gordon, originally released by by by by their blues rock band uh you know so Derek Derek Derek Derek and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost galleon lost galleon lost galleon lost in in in in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - okay um so 105 105 105 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken McCracken McCracken McCracken well well um scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 10 10 10 Larry so well well Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi the Brahmi the Brahmi the Brahmi Brahmi Brahmi Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather okay well I I I I mean similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII ISCII ISCII ISCII um like um encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his his his his like uh so father died in 1723, subsequently his his his his mother requested Mata Sundri, like I mean uh the widow widow widow widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering covering covering covering a okay okay um varied array of female forms and and and and expressing many different emotions okay so I mean mean mean mean. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in in in in like um so 1991, and won by The United States, though though though though it and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of so so so so okay you know the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - - - - Helpe; it does this um um you know through through through through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on on on on stage you know um uh after a curtain curtain curtain curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who who who who prescribed um so um an exercise regimen, he returned returned returned returned to the team, becoming okay like um a successful closer closer closer closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in in in in 1154 as a form I mean um well of alliance between Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark and Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to to to to alter um well like the track and require require require require quick reactions to get on the right uh uh uh uh well so course, while Simulation racing games might include tire tire tire tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, Noir, Noir, Noir, although the like okay um Code was not not not not established until 1685, the Code Noir you know like okay okay okay okay forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co like like like like so um. He was a founder in 1831 1831 1831 1831 of the Bank of Liverpool, I mean you know know know know I mean with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; (maiden; (maiden; (maiden; like well uh born 1933) is an American civic leader, leader, leader, leader, notably, from you know so uh 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November November November November so um uh 1, 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical classical classical classical composer uh okay like and also composes for anime, anime, anime, anime, he is mostly known in like so uh the west for for for for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior prior prior prior uh like um to the accident, however, according to to to to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna I mean you know know know know well Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the the the the okay like okay actions taken by the ego, unlike the the the the morality principle, like uh like does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser um okay okay okay okay well is the highest peak on the Leuser Range Range Range Range okay well okay (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre Centre Centre Centre in um uh I mean 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting inducting inducting inducting uh so like members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous mountainous mountainous mountainous in you know um uh the western portion, much of of of of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes well okay okay okay okay um to the territorial extent of Poland, following the I mean so so so so well decision taken at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno I I I I mean okay so Junior College, where he was recruited by by by by several high uh well like - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 and and and and you know you know I mean this has proven effective as as as as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the uh like um um um um head coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team team team team okay um um that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the in the in the in the summer of of of of 1941, forces of Free France and uh so um Vichy Vichy Vichy Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy okay okay okay okay okay you know France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head head head head of the well I mean um 'Peace and Order Committee' Committee' Committee' Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized a so uh uh uh uh like local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within within within within the uh like you know city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career career career career at um uh I mean League Two club Bradford Bradford Bradford Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of outside of outside of outside of of of of the sport Morris owns a chain of of of of snack well I mean um shops in South Wales and is is is is a keen singer / well I mean so songwriter, in in in in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest at okay okay okay okay like so Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the the the the safe you know like um voyage of Virgil to Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, which suggests the daring I mean so uh of of of of the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men men men men um so I mean in overcoming difficulties set set set set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social uh um um um um um debate at the time, leading the New Left Left Left Left to use sex so you know so roles, roles, roles, roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss john Goss john Goss john Goss (born (born (born (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is so okay well the the the the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two like I I I I mean uh most prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, (twice, (twice, (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently like um um um um uh used constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings (23 (23 (23 (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) okay well so was a a a a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of uh um you you you you know a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his okay okay okay okay like so political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous well well well well so okay attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started pPDA started pPDA started pPDA started training as as as as a journalist at the Centre de like so well well well well formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained okay um so so so so his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in in in in the Christchurch so like um region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is is is is a you know well uh complex consisting of two two two two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball so well like stadium that hosted hosted hosted hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing so so so so so so a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have you you you you know so like come out, still praising them for for for for their bravery, instead he acknowledges well um well how coming coming coming coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized sized sized sized ungulates, I mean I mean you know though they are opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any so well well well well uh meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that like like like like like um dominated the Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from from from from its establishment so uh I mean as the capital capital capital capital in the late 8th you know I mean um um um um century until the rise of the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly superbly superbly superbly trained um uh um singers, and the use of spectacle as as as as a replacement I mean okay okay for dramatic purity and and and and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, so I mean you know where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings selena sings selena sings selena sings the the the the intro speaking to her lover about so um um um um um him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls and and and and um um um snakes, and forest clearance may lead to to to to local habitat loss, well like like but this is a common common common common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, Ontario, Ontario, Ontario, to um I mean uh Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office but like like like like uh well with a change in routine - - - - instead of ignoring uh uh well the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, combined, combined, combined, and well um so ski jumping, and after the the the the Olympics will remain a public okay like um facility, complementing complementing complementing complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were okay okay okay okay you know like largely pro-Seleucid, but the High High High High Priestly family was split like um like by rivalry, and one one one one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some after some after some after some early works in in in in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi you know uh uh moved moved moved moved on to Rome to work under Francesco you know know know know uh um Mancini, working in a Roman milieu where you know know know know okay okay late - Rococo of Pompeo Batoni and and and and the incipient okay I mean so Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as as as as Apparition, and I mean like well is a member member member member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as as as as it adopted like well well Ford's blue oval emblem, taking taking taking taking the place uh you know like of 'F 'F 'F 'F - O - R - D' lettering um so so so so so on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck like Buck like Buck like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos 'Buckaroos 'Buckaroos 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones you know so so so so so worked with many musicians who were great talents in their you you you you know you know um own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Hank Hank Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject subject subject subject matter uh like okay requirement and inventive inventive inventive inventive step under the European Patent Convention like so uh uh uh uh (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film film film film actor so you know you know and comedian, comedian, comedian, comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment the Bombardment the Bombardment the Bombardment Bombardment Bombardment Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the I mean mean mean mean well you know United States Navy and Royal Navy Navy Navy Navy on June 25, 1944 uh well you know to to to to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of 'Viruses of 'Viruses of 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) (1991) (1991) (1991) is a controversial essay by Richard I mean well well well well okay Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with okay okay okay okay okay okay biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, wounds, wounds, wounds, yet um well um still managed to give the the the the order to submerge, in like well so all likelihood likelihood likelihood likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, okay okay okay okay you know you know however, as the prosecution has powers to to to to appeal the resulting uh I mean um acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in launched in launched in launched in 1995 1995 1995 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari um uh I mean and Dan Pelson, Pelson, Pelson, Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, America, America, America, and okay you know like Australia; the European European European European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an during an during an during an hour's hour's hour's hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the um um um um um so engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington claimed Elioak um so like as home while they served in in in in World War I. After the after the after the after the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then uh well you you you you know 'n' is a Lucas probable prime, so it it it it is either uh so you know prime or it it it it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version version version version of okay like you know the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was was was was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of well so so so so I mean KLM and Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who well well well well you know well opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure procedure procedure procedure called 'The Stanford uh well like Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to I I I I mean you know well Assata Olugbala Shakur; In In In In Arabic, Assata which is said you know you know um um um um to mean 'she who struggles', derived from the uh well you you you you know Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican narellan Anglican narellan Anglican narellan Anglican Church Church Church Church is an Anglican church in the outer so um so so so so south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, Washington, Washington, Washington, in uh like you know May 1996 by by by by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben when Ben when Ben when Ben goes to to to to parent's night at her class, I mean so so so so well he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, well well well well well uh Negros Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, uh I mean I mean who competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health health health health care you know okay uh providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do okay okay okay okay um so not is a cause for concern, although although although although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge bridge bridge bridge designs, okay like um in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Bridge, which has been designated so um um as as as as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final final final final consonants; this I mean I mean uh method of of of of writing has is no longer used in modern so um um um um well written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms early forms early forms early forms of UFFI UFFI UFFI UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated so okay you you you you know catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings I I I I mean you know like and a message concerning a a a a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the um you you you you know like Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first the first the first the first was was was was an F1 which touched down in uh so so so so uh Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de marques de marques de marques de Sousa Sousa Sousa Sousa and the deposed president departed for uh like uh uh uh uh Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the the the the central government was okay um okay unable to render render render render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's well well well well so I mean (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing arguing arguing arguing with um well well Tyrone, she throws plates at at at at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains use use use use the Up um I mean uh and Down main lines, the the the the Down loop being reversible, so uh so which allows allows allows allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and uh uh uh uh like um his allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed menzies' seed menzies' seed menzies' seed specimens were were were were sent to England from Sydney like you know um um um um in 1793, but his plant material remained with him him him him um so okay for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills kills kills kills uh well I mean Mandy, takes his body, kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois Lois Lois Lois so you know uh take him to the hospital, where where where where a doctor quickly well okay you know and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) uh uh uh uh uh well is an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with with with with okay okay I mean Arabic slogans outside of national broadcasting company company company company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises premises premises premises via so okay okay the gates under the Troitksaya tower, except except except except for those who like you know I I I I mean wish to visit the Armoury chamber and the the the the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, in 1948, in 1948, in 1948, 1948, 1948, 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to okay like like like like well come as his guest at the Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton mathematics department you know well I mean because Fox had had had had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was was was was responsible for pulling well like so together the the the the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app well okay okay okay okay like for iPad, iPhone and iPod touch, released in in in in December 2011, tells you know like well the story story story story of the making of Bandolier in the I mean mean mean mean I mean you know band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and and and and okay okay um production became sourced to several manufactures to to to to meet the defense needs on uh so so so so so several aircraft after the unacceptability of both locally and and and and remote periscopically okay like um sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established established established established in 1920, it uh so like is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League League League League well so you know since its inauguration in 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, so instead of direct entry to um so like the the the the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify qualify qualify qualify for well uh um the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and and and and short, mild so I mean I mean winters and and and and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are are are are okay so like more prone to certain diseases, such such such such as sarcoidosis or familial I mean so um Mediterranean fever, fever, fever, fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter like so um and Instagram, with social - first first first first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me uh uh uh uh like you know Some Starlight' the title was changed after after after after Michael told okay um so Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May in May in May in May Mcilroy won won won won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth by well like you you you you know one stroke he carded a -6 66 final round round round round um okay like to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 from 1874 from 1874 from from from from 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University University University University I mean you know like of Sydney; living very very very very simply and it has been recorded you know well okay okay okay okay that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, like well well well well so and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term the term the term the term has been been been been used throughout history to I mean so you know refer refer refer refer to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international uh uh uh uh I mean you know law and also the name of of of of a number of okay you know so crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by um um um um okay well local journalist William Schofield who was promoting promoting promoting promoting the like like okay idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by by by by the um so uh Heart of the Earth survival school, associated associated associated associated with you know well uh the American Indian Indian Indian Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was batista was batista was batista was was was was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who appeared uh uh uh uh um okay up on the TitanTron and told Batista that that that that if he wanted I mean well you know to come to 'SmackDown' 'SmackDown' 'SmackDown' 'SmackDown' and face him for so like uh the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting this painting this painting this painting painting painting painting is part of a series of four, the others well so so so so um are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film um um um um I mean I mean director in 1993, changing his surname surname surname surname to Russell in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched well uh uh uh uh uh an ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 in 1815 in 1815 in 1815 on the the the the return of Napoleon from exile so so um in in in in Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on on on on so like uh the second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to to to to arrest Palpatine, but you know well you know know know know he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' like well well well well I mean and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers 'Publishers 'Publishers 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in in in in you know I mean um 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed staffed staffed staffed by I mean like I mean approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in in in in 'Encino Man' okay so well (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was well well well well um I mean in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two two two two from nearby town of Vorden, like like I mean California California California California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her um um um um I mean so no good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's Rahl's Rahl's Rahl's soldiers will find so uh like her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the well uh uh uh uh um development of vocabulary and language skills, lower - - - - status groups uh okay okay tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the the the the like so I mean GDST to provide boarding accommodation; accommodation; accommodation; accommodation; a result of I mean you know like like like like the merger that created the Royal High in 1998, 1998, 1998, 1998, when uh like so Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - - - - The White Swan well um I mean - as well well well well as a post office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years years years years of construction, um um you know cost C $ 173 173 173 173. 5 million, and occupies a you know I mean you you you you know footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to to to to command so um like 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior under prior under prior under prior orders from from from from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands like you know so so so so on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and and and and Navigator like like so Lambert head out to investigate and and and and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song the song the song the song was remixed with with with with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various um uh okay suburban suburban suburban suburban master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities amenities amenities amenities like like like such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next he next he next he next worked for Sears, Sears, Sears, Sears, Roebuck and Company in like I mean um the the the the installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, um uh you you you you know when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, at inception, at inception, at inception, it had 400 400 400 400 members and Victor you know um so L. Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently um um um um you know so resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the the the the 1980's in you know uh I mean music magazine magazine magazine magazine polls and television programmes, especially in Kenya I mean um um um um uh where an entire tribe in the village of of of of Vwuebe so well like sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like like like like okay so I mean who he who saught to to to to stop he lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it though it though it though it it it it is unknown who invented the hammock, many well you know know know know so maintain that it was a device created out of I I I I mean um I mean tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes comes comes comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she was was was was married to Sir John uh so um Drummond and lastly, lastly, lastly, lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany I I I I mean well uh (son of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the during the during the during the harvest season, season, season, season, the village transforms into a beehive of okay I mean mean mean mean like activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany well well well well you know okay ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August August August August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) was you know okay okay okay okay uh a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street like like like like so okay circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand for motorcycle racing runs I mean you know know know know uh around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right right right right turn like like so into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts conflicts conflicts conflicts so okay well in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief so so so so okay well of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble trouble trouble trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small small small small okay like well pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing fencing fencing fencing that is well um so easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University University University University of Southern like you know okay California Advanced Periodontics program, program, program, program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very unusual unusual unusual unusual um um like and unique feature, a stream running running running running along either side of you know like um Fore Fore Fore Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into into into into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer killer killer killer was 6 like I mean so '1', heavyset, heavyset, heavyset, heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing a leather like like like like well you know jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the album album album album uh okay you know 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with with with with her parents, well you know like older brother and and and and younger sister to Los Angeles as I mean mean mean mean okay I mean a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' so like well dates back to 1831 and is is is is believed to have originated because the I mean like like like like you know simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - - - - 12 men, like uh well led by an officer, officer, officer, officer, would roam so uh I mean the streets looking for for for for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen uh like uh were were were were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of of of of service from I mean like uh the 1980's as part part part part of the 'New Deal' uh like you know reforms of of of of passenger rail operations, with the last regular train well like like like like like they worked being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views well you you you you know I mean of British society (2, 3), 3), 3), 3), and although 'Amy's View' is well okay uh certainly certainly certainly certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Military Military Military Railways like okay uh and in that capacity had charge charge charge charge of the uh I mean I mean organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, pleople pleople pleople pleople like you know I mean would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was he was he was he was one of the the the the forefront leaders of uh well so the multimedia revolution in in in in the San Francisco Bay Area, um I mean okay where where where where the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the like like like like so I mean fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was chicanismo was chicanismo was chicanismo was shaped by by by by a number of intellectuals and influential uh well like activists activists activists activists as well as by the artistic and political so so so so so okay sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology ideology ideology ideology collaborated to well um uh create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 on 16 on 16 on 16 16 16 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of you know um um um um like the Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead in in in in I mean I mean you know celebration of the Silver Silver Silver Silver Jubilee of George V. Later okay well uh in in in in 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria due to to to to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in in in in Picardie uh okay I mean 'région' (France); it takes its its its its name from Vexin, a you know well okay former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total the total the total the total investment is estimated estimated estimated estimated to be 270 okay okay you know billion RMB RMB RMB RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a in a in a in a video video video video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called you you you you know okay so protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free free free free trade and so um okay that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until her her her her well you know you know departure from STV on on on on 15 May 2009, shortly before the you know I mean mean mean mean I mean programme is due to be axed axed axed axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have others have others have others have argued argued argued argued that the settlement was arguably the you know well so most most most most generous afforded by the United States to a um so so so so okay Native group, and point out that some so so so so so uh of the largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the okay okay okay okay um well hotel in its Historic Hotels of America program program program program and well um um the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the the the the device like um okay and purchase directly from the internet and and and and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she like like like like uh so was known to be present at at at at her husband's investment like um you know ceremony at Westminster Westminster Westminster Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', I mean mean mean mean well well though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at at at at Steven Brill's 'The so uh well American Lawyer', Lawyer', Lawyer', Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine showed that so you know well at least the 14 14 14 14 men mentioned in the parish um like I mean registers of of of of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports airports airports airports um like I mean operated by the Rhode Island Island Island Island Airport Corporation, the other well I mean well five being being being being T. F. Green State Airport, North Central like like like like okay I mean State Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to to to to okay um I mean escape using a different DST, placed placed placed placed in a remote location, uh you know well much of of of of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE okay okay okay okay well okay - Italy mobile company, and has appeared appeared appeared appeared in many commercials like I mean like with Raoul Bova; also also also also in 2011 Ghenea became the image of well well okay okay okay okay dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - - - - so okay well Ti's power is considered by some to to to to be the most important, um like you know know know know for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them them them them okay I mean so to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', Chù', Chù', Chù', is okay like uh derived from the Southern Tutchone village village village village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in in in in the 59th I mean like okay minute of of of of their match against England in the group stages uh um um um um um to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population decreased decreased decreased decreased uh so well almost by half, and Ventspils did did did did not reach its like like um former former former former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his in his in his in his first first first first professional season led the GCL in like like like like like uh doubles (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits hits hits hits (22)... Posted a um um like 5x5 game with five five five five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 200 200 200 you know well well metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was was was was cut to I mean like well 1, 600 metres in 1952 1952 1952 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew Narew Narew Narew River well I mean I mean that is a a a a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano um um um um so uh singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), Cup), Cup), Cup), I mean like well the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due largely due largely due largely due to the the the the poor economic conditions of New Haven I mean I I I I mean so in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered sputtered sputtered sputtered along, foundered and was so you know uh revived numerous numerous numerous numerous times during the 1970s and um I mean I mean 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district you know um um um um okay represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value okay uh uh uh uh you know may be replaced with a single empty empty empty empty group using like well so two consecutive colons (: : : : : ), but the substitution well um uh may only be be be be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated at at at at I mean okay like the confluence of River Izhora Izhora Izhora Izhora into River Neva, like so I mean mean mean mean approximately halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some some some some 30 kilometers so you know well from from from from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the in the in the in the 1805 War War War War of the Third Coalition, you know you know uh as commander commander commander commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the I I I I mean well so Battle of Elchingen Elchingen Elchingen Elchingen and later the Battle of I mean I mean okay Ulm, Ulm, Ulm, Ulm, and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two the two the two the two schools first first first first played each other at so you know okay Mackay Stadium in in in in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with uh well I mean the the the the Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams did okay okay okay okay well uh not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando so well uh uh uh uh Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that as dust dust dust dust like uh I mean on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) I mean okay okay and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist skull Fist skull Fist skull Fist was was was was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer uh like like Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen seen seen seen many I mean well I mean line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at at at at I mean so you know the Department of Applied Applied Applied Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at so so so the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / / / / honey like um uh to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both both both both so like like of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching I I I I mean well like and research laboratories dedicated to soil, soil, soil, soil, water and I mean you know um pollen pollen pollen pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union Union Union Union so like I mean (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee coffee coffee coffee industry amongst okay well well the Matengo farmers farmers farmers farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine marine marine marine uh well like fish native to areas near Africa, that that that that is sometimes uh okay like traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the the the the late 1980s um okay I mean by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit counseling counseling counseling counseling I mean uh so agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long long long long - so you know well running 'The Legend of Heroes', Heroes', Heroes', Heroes', and a direct sequel well um like to to to to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), ), ), ), also um um uh known as the Jamaican Parakeet Parakeet Parakeet Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated traditionally animated traditionally animated traditionally animated backgrounds were were were were sketched and painted by Perifel, uh so um with assistance assistance assistance assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the the the the well I mean okay Earth's Last Days is the 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd prequel novel in okay I mean well the the the the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source Source Source Source well well like of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan um I mean well in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having clark's having clark's having clark's having been been been been denied leave by the Star after the so uh uh uh uh I mean death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools uh uh uh uh uh you know and from 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a special special special special - like uh uh purpose map made to show geological geological geological geological the strata are like so uh extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft Aircraft Aircraft Aircraft where you know um you know he worked on on on on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage the marriage the marriage the marriage had become become become become unhappy and the couple lived like well um um um um more or less separate lives, and the couple separated uh uh uh uh I mean okay completely after a last attempt to to to to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot returned well well uh to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household Household Household Household well you know I mean finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings are in in in in many private and several public like uh um collections, among among among among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County County County County like well okay Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are at al al al al you know like okay - Kum designated by the Ministry of of of of Health as level 1, I mean I mean like close close close close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he well well well well okay uh was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - known known known known you know I mean I mean was 'Land Under Under Under Under England', a science - um okay I mean fiction account account account account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind okay okay okay okay I mean uh control, cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the European European European European I mean um so Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, from here, from here, from here, Dr. Mark Mark Mark Mark Frank went on to study hours of so well well well well like video footage of criminals, studying how criminals criminals criminals criminals interacted, he learned to so uh like pick up on on on on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research well well um um um um interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, okay so so so so well yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives uh uh uh uh okay you know in 1976, and prior to his his his his election as Speaker served so you know you know know know know in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as um like like like like you know chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an uh um um um um so Italian basketball coach that currently serves as head coach coach coach coach of you know you know okay CSKA Moscow in Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 is allocated allocated allocated allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially uh uh uh uh I mean like serving in route 68X (Yuen (Yuen (Yuen (Yuen Long ( East) - uh I mean I mean mean mean mean Jordan Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now now now now I mean I mean I mean becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its its its its I mean uh okay degree of tameness in in in in comparison) and was competing for the same uh you you you you know so territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about 42, 42, 42, 42, 500 okay well you know journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the the the the pop band 'Mabel', well okay okay who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and well well well well you know okay Salvador pressed for its members to instruct instruct instruct instruct the colony's delegation well well I mean to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the the the the Cocteau I mean okay you know Twins who runs runs runs runs the Bella Union label, heard well so well Dosen's music and and and and as a result they worked together on you know you you you you know okay the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will melbourne will melbourne will melbourne will play 14 games games games games at the MCG, so so okay 11 of those will will will will be home games, they will also uh like okay be be be be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late late late late grandfather, I mean like okay Andre Gaudry, one of the the the the eight guiders that took Sioux I mean okay so Chief Chief Chief Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and and and and a well um um Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute Institute Institute Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year year year year you know you know I mean later, in a 0 0 0 0 - 1 away defeat against you know well uh Santos Santos Santos Santos on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a during a during a during a trip trip trip trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted I mean okay I I I I mean the song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump the pump the pump the pump can not not not not draw more water from the pipe okay um uh uh uh uh to which the washer is connected than that that that that source well um so can provide: the water supply supply supply supply must be adequate for the well um so machine machine machine machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for so so so so you know well twelve years, the fort of Torey Torey Torey Torey was named ELLENA like uh I mean in Kimanis Kimanis Kimanis Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it it it it I mean okay um was during Ghazan Khan who came to to to to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by by by by scholars such as I mean like I mean Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior the anterior the anterior the anterior inferior inferior inferior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from so uh um the the the the basilar artery at the level of the junction junction junction junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to okay okay okay okay like so produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Julianne Julianne Julianne Boyd and um I mean you know opened in 1978 1978 1978 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, um I mean you know and in 1926 the Metropolitan took took took took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of of of of okay you know uh the Indian classical music family', family', family', family', with its roots as a folk so like well instrument instrument instrument instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late late late late well I mean uh rapper Eazy - E, from his his his his album like you know uh of the same name, 'Eazy 'Eazy 'Eazy 'Eazy - Duz - It', so you know know know know I mean that was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) ) ) ) is I mean okay well a name that the Greeks Greeks Greeks Greeks of the Euxine Sea applied like well okay to the the the the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the uh uh uh uh you know you know 1960's as a means to pool pool pool pool resources and share facilities, well I mean um instructors, instructors, instructors, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island okay like um um um um Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers jazz Summers jazz Summers jazz Summers (15 March 1944 1944 1944 1944 -- 14 August 2015) well so um was a manager manager manager manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) Zlín) Zlín) Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in okay well well well well like Literature every year to outstanding young writers, and has named named named named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series um um um um um so of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love Story 2050' you know like well and 'Drona', leading leading leading leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies Indies Indies Indies cricket uh okay you know season, Powell withdrew from from from from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; like I mean like he he he he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial to to to to determine you know like uh the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to due to due to due to the minimal damage damage damage damage caused by the storm, the I mean like you know know know know name was not retired and was re-used during the so I I I I mean uh 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the the the the okay so I mean landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the the the the Western Front you know like I mean where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while um um um um okay I mean polling of individual constituencies and groups of of of of them (such I mean I mean uh as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was was was was leading okay so like the league with a. 328 328 328 328 average, but a 3 like um um - for - 32 32 32 32 slump in the middle okay I mean like of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Las Las Las okay I mean uh Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 182 182 182 well uh like businesses and 9, 250 houses, left of standing standing standing standing like um um water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two two two two uh uh I mean seasons, the first, a 15 - - - - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border border border border I mean okay so of Austria, at the telegraphed telegraphed telegraphed telegraphed invitation of Seyss - Inquart, the latter um so so so so so communique having been arranged after the troops had had had had I mean I mean okay begun to march, so so so so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America America America America uh well um in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling calling calling calling okay uh like themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is it is it is it is a a a a popular misconception that these lakes are filled okay you know know know know you know via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with with with with uh okay uh four 'blue jackets' and 14 14 14 14 warriors wounded (one of uh well so them killed), until until until until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning okay like you know know know know the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum had weakened, weakened, weakened, weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', Callas', Callas', Callas', 2001 uh I mean so ) claims both that that that that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle okay well um Onassis, and and and and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating investigating investigating investigating okay you know so Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise his expertise his expertise his expertise is is is is vital in the battle for Liangshan's okay you know I mean mean mean mean cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza Elorza Elorza Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the the the the so you know I mean boy, but they were confronted confronted confronted confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his I mean mean mean mean um okay visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, while, while, while, he visited okay well I mean Tagadur and a a a a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest the latest the latest the latest census of of of of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 in 1996 in 1996 in 1996 (and 2009) 2009) 2009) 2009) he received the Humboldt Award by I mean so so so so um the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady uh so so so so uh Davis Fellowship at the Hebrew University in in in in 2006 and you know like so also 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally uh uh uh uh okay I mean occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, or, in um you know I mean French, Carl Carl Carl Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron du Prel (April so so so so you know so 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), 1899), 1899), 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole Creole Creole Creole parents and one okay like well of his ancestors was Michel Michel Michel Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - - - - well okay I mean 1' was a more guitar based based based based pop album that uh well um also became a a a a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me uh I I I I mean you know Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement warren's retirement as bishop bishop bishop bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering um uh uh a a a a stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and like like like like okay well unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company like like like like you know you know listed in the USA and Europe: Europe: Europe: Europe: and spearheaded the companies you know uh I I I I mean involvement in N. Africa and North East Asia, before before before before you know um like retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as much much much much um okay well textual importance as the things ( ( ( ( 'les choses' ) um um I mean meticulously described throughout, which which which which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan uh uh uh uh I mean I mean Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, England, England, England, north of Chat Moss uh um uh near near near near the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, okay so so east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the the the the Admiralty in you know like you know the first two governments governments governments governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - I mean like uh 1886; 1886; 1886; 1886; 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for for for for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike Spike Spike Spike in the MGM so well okay era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting several splitting several splitting several splitting of of of of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, um well well well well like and as of 2007, the list of regencies and and and and cities well well I mean in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 000 000 000 € okay okay you know plus 200, 000 € future future future future incentives, signing a 3 - I mean I mean you you you you know year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine fine fine fine pair I mean like uh of 'jorts' after the team team team team returned from Newark, New Jersey um like you know after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than the the the the well so so lion, their struggle became more like that that that that of dogs unable to beat uh uh uh uh uh uh each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among so so so so okay okay his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional the traditional the traditional the traditional territories of of of of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie um well you know completely completely completely completely within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) (Squamish) (Squamish) (Squamish) okay well I mean traditional territory is also in the the the the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found found found found form I mean okay uh in their architect a a a a congregational space that was used chiefly for um uh uh uh uh uh ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to to to to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage stage stage stage the well I mean you know play 'Albert Hall' Hall' Hall' Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and well well well well I mean uh backed him against the the the the other main party on the you know well so Privy Privy Privy Privy Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in um you know know know know well September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in in in in uh like you know the dam on its upstream upstream upstream upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 2, 2, 2, I mean well okay 1996) was born as the the the the second son of Reynold you know um you know know know know Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' effects' effects' effects' on like I mean you know its vocals created created created created and a 'moody' production that was compared well well you know to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four four four four of his uh uh you know brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) you know uh I mean was a British television television television television channel owned and operated okay okay okay by Life TV TV TV TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended ended ended ended operations so I mean so with little fanfare, as SEPTA SEPTA SEPTA SEPTA management turned their attention like uh like to to to to the electrified commuter lines they began operating on well well well well like like January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - - - - like so well based Eagle Hills and he also acts acts acts acts as a top okay you know uh adviser to to to to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into into into into okay um well round 5 and, with a a a a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty purchasing loyalty purchasing loyalty purchasing loyalty increases at higher higher higher higher levels of I mean you know well the Pyramid - consumers consumers consumers consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial science, science, science, science, um I mean uh and these programs usually have highly specialized specialized specialized specialized coursework schedules okay okay so and series of exam exam exam exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi the Nazi the Nazi the Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that well well well well well well Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all all all all um so like non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, I I I I mean you know like another stratovolcano (located in the Philippines), cooled cooled cooled cooled global okay so uh temperatures for about 2 - 3 3 3 3 years, interrupting the you know okay I mean trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined okay okay okay okay like um Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played played played played okay well I mean up to December 1999, and then in in in in January 2000 okay you know I mean signed a a a a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, in 2009, in 2009, in in in in 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet booklet booklet booklet uh well uh of music performed by the Hespèrion Hespèrion Hespèrion Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including like uh I mean seven of of of of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it it it it okay I mean like an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk Rk Rk Rk and rk and rk and rk and inspiration since since since since the late 19 th so I mean I mean mean mean mean century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and and and and eaten with uh like okay the courses, depending upon upon upon upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of like like like like uh I mean San Francisco's Muni Metro and and and and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is uh um um um um so currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, priests, priests, priests, so like well temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was was was was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are are are are frequently positive okay I mean you know correlated; however, in in in in some oceanic islands, there is high levels of like like like like like uh endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending defending defending defending champions, um uh um but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses Muses Muses Muses on you know I mean uh the eastern eastern eastern eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the okay well uh uh uh uh 6th century B. C. Its greatest period began okay um um um um okay from the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because because because because of the um I mean well 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just okay okay okay okay okay so off the Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - - - - run museum uh uh like with screenings for the public public public public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a a a a variable star like uh so in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Straight Straight Straight Women um I mean so and Gay Gay Gay Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, Ayelet uh uh uh uh so you know Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's party's party's party's caucus on May you know you know you know know know know 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized recognized recognized recognized I mean well um as one of the 'oldest' rating still still still still existing in so okay okay today's modern U. S. Navy, which which which which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest harvest harvest harvest um okay well for 40 years or more', more', more', more', but Red Fife is a like I mean mean mean mean um landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger her younger her younger her younger younger younger younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was I mean mean mean mean um okay married to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Bohemia, Bohemia, Bohemia, Henriette Marie of so like like Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a as a as a as a a a a first - year law student in 1891, Crawford Crawford Crawford Crawford (with I mean uh you know Mike Murphy) Murphy) Murphy) Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home home home home for well uh so sale and then gone out out out out of town, and well uh um the daughter thinks thinks thinks thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered well you know know know know um the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso Grosso Grosso Grosso which is an so okay like important tributary tributary tributary tributary of the Tapajós river along with the discovered discovered discovered discovered well uh uh the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island Island Island Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a well well well well well I mean palace in Downton on one of the the the the islands by the um like um Moot when the the the the palace was taken down and the well well well well um well stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska haines Alaska haines Alaska haines Alaska Alaska Alaska Alaska is a one of the more northern um I I I I mean I mean stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many many many many people who travel well like so in winter travel to to to to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason Jason Jason Jason Colon well okay uh and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs fought as as as as waves of horse archers, firing arrows well so uh continuously, continuously, continuously, continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs I mean so I mean with 6 kilometres of of of of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne chris Coyne is an an an an Australian professional football player who plays so okay okay okay okay well for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to to to to okay like okay prevent the reduction in the size of of of of the school's playing um well um fields, although a new new new new food technology block has been so well okay built built built built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or or or or like uh um jackal, but a distinct canid, although based only only only only on like like well morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian Italian Italian Italian control, like okay I mean strategic hills over Pivka were were were were heavily fortified and included like I mean you know in in in in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which which which which rises um uh you know near Kaisariani on the slopes slopes slopes slopes of Mount Hymettus, and which, well um so although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units the units the units the units of analysis in in in in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather like I I I I mean well information, built into the ships' nose cone cone cone cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American American American American writer so so like and United States Marine officer who who who who won the National well um like Book Award for fiction fiction fiction fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young well like okay okay okay okay Charlie Chaplin in one of his very first first first first well you know uh acting roles during its first first first first London production, playing the um uh so character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' okay like like like like like is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth eighteenth eighteenth eighteenth season, originally well well well airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try try try try uh you know okay to call him to warn warn warn warn him but are confronted like you know well by by by by the assassin who spares their lives since they they they they are not okay um um armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid in mid in mid in mid 2011, Federman Federman Federman Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most you know you you you you know I mean of its then 95 employees employees employees employees from Brooklyn to Miami Lakes um I mean uh uh uh uh in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a 100, 000 000 000 000 - you know uh I mean square - foot foot foot foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military like so so so so um reforms of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more I mean mean mean mean I mean okay effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the uh uh uh uh um um reason for the extinction of the the the the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her so so so so okay you know heir apparent is her eldest grandson, grandson, grandson, grandson, Prince William, uh like well Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown the Showdown the Showdown the Showdown at Somerby was was was was a regular golf you know well uh tournament on the Nationwide Nationwide Nationwide Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection connection connection connection okay I mean okay and celebration as the residents residents residents residents join together in a community well you know um that is is is is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is orpheus is orpheus is orpheus is met met met met at the gates to hell by um so okay Charon, here here here here played as a gum - chewing valley like like like girl, girl, girl, girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and tells okay you know like him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William William William William Smith Colleges, and okay uh okay previously served as as as as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL - TV I mean mean mean mean um so Orlando, FL, and was the morning and and and and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered premiered premiered premiered well like like in the United States Congress and has has has has since been you know okay okay invited to screen at at at at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased the the the the okay so um office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, him, him, him, and the family arranged um uh okay a marriage for him him him him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ 100, 100, 100, 100, 000 uh well um per year for ten years), and in in in in 1935, he signed um you know okay a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the the the the Senator so so uh - Elect in District 38 38 38 38 of the Maryland State so I mean okay Senate Senate Senate Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a um um um um you know um list of members by band; his his his his list does um okay uh not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the the the the okay I mean uh main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, 1960, 1960, 1960, having already like okay you know won both the the the the Masters and U. S. Open, to try um so so so so uh to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music music music music well okay I mean producer and DJ Afrojack Afrojack Afrojack Afrojack featuring the piano playing and uh well um um um um vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian excavations at like I mean so Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), and since 1987 he like uh um has been directing directing directing directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, County, County, County, North Carolina, like okay uh United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in in in in I mean uh okay Baltimore, and then transferred with with with with her cousin Bessie to I mean uh um the Howland Howland Howland Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the the the the 2009/10 um I mean um season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical I mean mean mean mean um uh to a program's performance; this register allocation is performed performed performed performed so I mean okay either by a compiler in in in in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted quoted quoted quoted by so okay like the BBC from years past as as as as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred ahundred ahundred ahundred years later, on 15 January January January January 1934, another earthquake okay I mean um completely destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around around around around their uh uh um 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, groups of cilia well uh okay that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and I I I I mean you know so former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name her name her name her name name name name was struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, well um uh uh uh uh although testimony at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is is is is considered a so um well idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will will will will I mean okay uh try to seduce will be be be be Richard and while Trish is well uh so away invites him him him him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is there is there is there is no Railway Railway Railway Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest um um uh railway railway railway railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at animals at animals at animals at at at at Moscow Zoo found it hard to uh well okay keep cool cool cool cool and staff prevented the walruses from well um um um um um bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his after his after his after his track track track track days, Hinds signed with the like okay so so so so Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and played 8 games so so so so um you know in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman angelo Soliman angelo Soliman angelo Soliman Soliman Soliman Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, well well well well you know okay Africa; died 21 November 1796 in in in in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline headline headline headline 'Sooner okay I mean so or later Love is defeated defeated defeated defeated by Scandal', enumerates okay well uh the love affairs of of of of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its its its its heritage, um okay I mean Reynolds extended his his his his collection to include tractors, steam engines I mean uh uh uh uh uh and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed appointed appointed appointed uh okay uh as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video the video the video the video is is is is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after after after after the uh well okay calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' Historique' Historique' Historique' in 1921 and I mean like okay became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked blocked blocked blocked the well so you know front gates of the school and and and and forced well uh you know it to close, while officers officers officers officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary okay well I mean (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes and uh uh uh uh well like forms into an ordered filament structure which has two two two two protofilaments like like um wrapping around each other, to to to to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Tees Tees Tees like uh I mean Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 17, 17, 17, well um okay 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, like well well well well um formed in 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya Puya Puya Puya well you know like and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest biggest biggest biggest Italian uh well like non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Church, with 4796 cultural uh like um centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety um you you you you know so 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker Parker Parker Parker will okay um I mean share their vision for for for for the future as keynotes, as every sector of well like so so so so the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the the the the only okay so uh craft upon which which which which James Murray could lay hands, the so uh um um um um ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going going going going to uh like uh become a presenter as well well well well as a singer; in 2016, okay like well well well well she will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib Habib Habib Habib University Foundation I mean I mean you know (a (a (a (a not - for - profit organization) with its I mean mean mean mean so so decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a a a a British um um uh professional boxer who has held the IBF IBF IBF IBF welterweight uh um well title since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Felix Felix Felix Weidmann, previously okay like okay an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the by the by the by by by by the late 1980s he had become one like um um um um like of New Zealand's most recognised actors on his own own own own like um um soil. He was he was he he he he was he was a much loved feature of many uh okay okay okay okay okay local films made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has has has has you know I mean so allegedly been denied an interview by by by by Morrison, however interviews have so well well been granted to to to to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short the short the short the short short short short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was so so so so so like succeeded by an even shorter - lived first Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian Republic (1925 okay well well -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress um um um um like uh passed the Spooner Amendment to the Army Army Army Army Appropriation Act, providing well you know like legislative authority for for for for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, I mean mean mean mean um so Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, City, City, City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of of of of the Tallinn you know um like Art University ( ( ( ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) well so um um um um in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising praising praising praising I mean uh I mean the wind: ' Oh! Oh Oh Oh the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, you you you you know um okay in La Jolla, California, in the the the the parking lot so you know I mean of of of of a golf course, where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest so so so so uh uh implementations of this process where orders were were were were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the the the the okay um okay 6th and 7th centuries, during the the the the trying period when the um I mean uh Visigoths had been defeated defeated defeated defeated by the Frankish King okay well so Clovis I, and and and and was considered to be the center uh like so of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and and and and okay you know uh T. L. Kharkova Kharkova Kharkova Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet I I I I mean um uh population from 1922 - 1991 1991 1991 1991 which was published by okay um okay the Russian Academy of of of of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr Mr Mr Mr. Baldwin was you know like you know supported by by by by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent MP Rob um um um um well you know Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, Crook, Crook, Crook, and the okay okay okay resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that that that that are I mean I mean I mean many times larger and and and and more massive than the Sun. Such you know so so so so so stars live for only a few million years before before before before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska Karolinska Karolinska Karolinska I mean okay okay Institute, a Stockholm medical university, university, university, university, which she might've I mean you know so gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out um so so so so so - of - town tryouts, later later later later saying she felt the role was uh you know well not right right right right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will will will will so I mean um fund the financial loss incurred by by by by any rise in well um well the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations stations stations stations to you know you know you know Univision, Univision, Univision, Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; some affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated you know you know like with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road strand Road strand Road strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) রোড) রোড) রোড) is an important commercial street okay I I I I mean like in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April uh you know know know know well 4, 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state well well well well uh okay champion football team, which won three state state state state titles in 2001, uh well okay 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in in in in Dix well you know um Hills, serving as a connecting connecting connecting connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with with with with so uh so Dr. Berger and learns to try try try try to confront rather than control um uh okay them, them, them, them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, however, however, however, the I mean uh well market for such adaptations all all all all but disappeared with the advent of video, okay like like like like like and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the for the for the for the the the the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join uh well well well well well Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on on on on his so I mean well own, but he joins the the the the Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime like um I I I I mean in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, York, York, York, um well well and studied at Amherst College and and and and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music band, band, band, band, using like um you know their instruments he learned music music music music by experience and um you know okay after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the the the the sudden well well you know attack and the crusade force force force force advanced toward the town of Al well okay uh uh uh uh Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the the the the crusade you know you know like force was annihilated annihilated annihilated annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't um uh uh uh uh so pass line bet, he or she can can can can no longer I mean like okay lay odds odds odds odds behind the don't pass line, but can um I mean well well well well still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a a a a well okay uh separate compilation phase, rather than being directly directly directly directly interpreted, which allows a well um like much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to so so so so so well the south bank of the river a short short short short like uh like walk from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in in in in the Yorkshire um well uh and the Humber region of of of of England, and most is I mean okay so so so so in the East Midlands region; the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard tank with well you know well a Hagglunds flail system system system system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his throughout his throughout his throughout his his his his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive I I I I mean uh um bald head, full beard, and considerable belly, belly, belly, belly, and uh okay so liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen um you know so and twenty was found inside inside inside inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also also also also appears well I mean I mean in 'More Friends - - - - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final I mean okay okay okay okay you know Fantasy Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', ~', ~', ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee Committee Committee Committee like you know okay on Public Schools, and the the the the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network the Network the Network the Network Information Center Center Center Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, was uh I mean mean mean mean okay the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain domain domain domain name allocations okay okay so from 1972 until September September September September 18, 1998 when this role was like okay well assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year well well well well like uh - old girl who lives lives lives lives on Witch Tree so okay so Lane and, along with the the the the other people who I mean you know I mean live on on on on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly nearly nearly nearly all of so you know like the governor's 11 - member Executive Executive Executive Executive Council were U you know you know uh. S. Expatriates, Expatriates, Expatriates, Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the well well well well uh okay government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains um um um um like like of free enterprise particularly to keep grain grain grain grain lines open so I mean okay to the North of of of of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) (Abyssinia) um okay I mean al - ­ Najāshī, gave them them them them refuge and protection and refused okay well um the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would uh like like like like uh be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June um so so so so um 1979, London) is best known as being the the the the former well okay you know guitarist for Ash, but but but but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), 1795), 1795), 1795), I mean so okay who assumed the name name name name of de Warville, a celebrated French um so so so so you know Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as so so so so I mean well South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan Afghanistan Afghanistan Afghanistan in like so uh western attire without a headscarf, upset the the the the ultra conservative okay like you know Shinwari tribe and and and and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, Soulstone, Soulstone, Soulstone, and knowing it you know okay I mean is too too too too dangerous to leave in the hands of okay like so so so so mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back to okay uh uh uh uh well Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the the the the I mean well like Atlantic Ocean in an open open open open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which arose so you you you you know well from a dare with his his his his friends over a game of uh so uh cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from from from from you know um I mean 1967 to 1970, compiling a record record record record of 15 -- 25 I mean well um -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, base, base, base, well uh like the two partners designed and implemented a a a a specialized manufacturing you know well you know line line line line -- when the first production batch um like uh rolled out, out, out, out, Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working working working working um um uh out of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, the so like you know first is situated situated situated situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album to you know know know know like okay be written entirely by Bowie, it was released released released released as a like you know I mean single ahead of of of of the album and charted in the Top uh so I I I I mean Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in the the the the order uh you know well they were meant to to to to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell tower tower tower tower and uh so okay the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected respected respected respected um okay you know men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more I I I I mean well so chance, but at the end of a a a a near - perfect um I mean so dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, um you know so New York) is an American professional ice ice ice ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers I mean mean mean mean okay okay Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder well you you you you know so of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish well you know you know and Italian Baroque styles styles styles styles. The Island's the Island's the Island's the Island's newest newest newest newest movie and vaudeville okay so you know house outshone most most most most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) okay okay okay okay okay um is a retired Danish professional football football football football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand after strand after strand after strand invasion, invasion, invasion, invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading 3' okay I I I I mean um strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and helped helped helped helped so like you know to unionize black workers in in in in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, with X X X X well you know like and Y closer together than Y Y Y Y and Z, you know like I mean the temporal temporal temporal temporal interval between the X and Y flashes uh uh uh uh so well is perceived to be shorter shorter shorter shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to to to to one of uh um okay the prostitutes working in in in in a brothel: he has claimed I mean you know so so so so he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle the vehicle the vehicle the vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test test test test in uh uh well 1976 when, taking off under its its its its own power from an old I mean like uh dirt strip strip strip strip near Moscow, it was flown by pilot I mean mean mean mean uh um A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in I mean mean mean mean so okay a hunting accident, to which the former former former former judge responded by like okay I mean largely withdrawing withdrawing withdrawing withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga lotte Hellinga lotte Hellinga lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and and and and um you know uh Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on on on on Market Transactions, and on so like uh the Board of of of of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on on on on 30 September 2016: so so you know he contributesd contributesd contributesd contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version of 'Does It' uh um um um um well ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed bed bed bed well uh uh general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also also also also you know I mean okay used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, Scotland, Scotland, Scotland, and he was well like you know unable unable unable unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and like like like like you know I mean took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no no no no one could so so well get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built well well well well you know uh with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has he has he has he has written written written written on political science, exploring how well um okay game theory theory theory theory would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is is is is okay I mean uh a Russian professional ice hockey hockey hockey hockey right winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and so so so so okay well content of the videos, including suggestions that it may may may may have well well well been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British the British the British the British first detected detected detected detected T52 traffic in the summer and um I mean mean mean mean I mean autumn of 1942 on a link well well well well well you know between Sicily and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and and and and um okay okay 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Bay Bay Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the using the using the using the Mukden Incident Incident Incident Incident as a pretext, the begins, you know uh um caused in in in in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is is is is relatively small, uh so uh but it is nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless a key factor in its economy uh so well well well well - there are more than 120 publishers in the the the the so like well country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup Cup Cup Cup win and so you know you know also led led led led them in their centenary year, but left uh so well well well well the club in 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic Celtic Celtic Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot the plot the plot the plot integrates the the the the buddy cop film genre with a science like so well well well well fiction theme centering on a union between a veteran veteran veteran veteran you know you know you know police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier julio Javier julio Javier julio Javier Marchant Marchant Marchant Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was he was he was he was present at at at at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received uh um um um um I mean from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won he won he won he won two - man man man man and four - man well you know um World Cup Cup Cup Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he well you you you you know um had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), I mean okay like New York ) is an American American American American rapper, who well like well first began rapping at the age age age age of 12, okay so you know and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the you you you you know like uh 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War War War War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored you you you you know okay like away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 well you you you you know so mm machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig Borsig Borsig Borsig during okay you know um World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers numbers numbers numbers like well so and streamlining the submission process, while while while while voicing concerns about I mean I mean so so so so its business practices - in particular the exclusivity exclusivity exclusivity exclusivity requirement you know you know I mean for for for for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by by by by like uh okay the end of the season is kicked off off off off the well you know like 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his his his his infinite so um well ordinals, and used sets of ordinals ordinals ordinals ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's um um um um okay um K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located located located located in New York you know well like City opened in in in in 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared appeared appeared appeared in I mean um so five episodes between 29 December December December December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the the the the 'Warrior I mean so um Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing I I I I mean okay so Arts Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar like like like like like well tract, a way in which stretch receptor receptor receptor receptor and other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting after starting after starting after starting a fight in in in in the mess hall, Han is um okay so dragged to an an an an isolation cell for punishment where he so like I mean overpowers overpowers overpowers overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 so so so so okay so cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to to to to Bell's uh so I mean Mills further down the the the the Deep River, then set off like well uh with his his his his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June June June June 22, 1992) like uh well was a British track track track track racing cyclist whose ferocious will so well okay to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has allen has allen has allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist like well well well well so to the Queensland School Health Services, Services, Services, Services, was in charge okay you know so of the the the the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is a cultural cultural cultural cultural festival that celebrates all aspects well I mean um um um um of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had had had had been handed down you know okay like in Australian football, football, football, football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, you you you you know I mean you know the Burid emir of Damascus, Damascus, Damascus, Damascus, but he too was tired like well uh or or or or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral the orchestral the orchestral the orchestral version was first first first first performed at a Concert okay okay like Lamoureux under the the the the baton of Charles Lamoureux on um so well well well well November 25, 1888, while the choral version you know okay okay okay okay I mean premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the the the the you know you know I mean Treasury, and (from (from (from (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, you know know know know uh uh Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of of of of determined men; except for so I mean well monitoring monitoring monitoring monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest you you you you know so okay for the Eurovision song contest contest contest contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has kelley has kelley has kelley has has has has specialized in the field of child abuse, well like uh uh uh uh since 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert on so so so so like so child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, I I I I mean you know like the route is a freeway freeway freeway freeway that includes a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin the origin the origin the origin of the name name name name is contested with Westminster's I mean like like like like like Chief Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, Hall, Hall, Hall, okay like uh a large and ponderous man known known known known affectionately in the uh I mean I mean House as as as as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to um um um um I mean um play for Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent the rent the rent the rent was HK HK HK HK $ 14 a month, while the um I mean mean mean mean like rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter reconnoiter reconnoiter reconnoiter I mean so um the hall in which the the the the wedding will take place -- okay like so so so so it's where Emily's parents got married, and the wedding wedding wedding wedding will well um you know be the last event event event event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia um I mean mean mean mean okay desktop video standard for IBM - compatible personal I mean mean mean mean uh well computers, developed around 1984 by Section 17 of of of of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried like like like like I mean you know in City Cemetery) served as as as as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was like like like like well I mean damaged during the Siege of Siena in in in in 1554 and after it um I mean okay okay okay okay was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 2011 2011 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an international international international international like um okay star everywhere but in the United United United United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in in in in February you know um you know 2017 and has has has has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After 'After 'After 'After a lawsuit by Ray Ray Ray Ray Lynch for I mean okay you know allegedly not paying him, him, him, him, the company was foreclosed by so you know okay okay okay okay Security Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, qualifications, qualifications, qualifications, and started in an um well you know office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon 'You're Gon 'You're Gon 'You're Gon na Go Go Go Go Far, Kid 'is the second okay um um single and and and and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album uh uh uh uh well uh being the poor production, guitar player Christian Christian Christian Christian Olde Wolbers well um okay has stated that it it it it was hard to have a producer do everything, so so so so I mean you know where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died died died died um uh um in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 1837 1837 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has rudolph has rudolph has rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice Choice Choice Choice okay um you know award for his debut record record record record 'Airport People', he also successfully won I mean so so the the the the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was it was it was it was digitally digitally digitally digitally released on iTunes on 17 September okay uh well well well well 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of of of of Seido or well you know so Orderrealm, and devotes himself himself himself himself to preserving law and order at okay okay I I I I mean any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and and and and I mean okay okay Asian markets are made by Axl Axl Axl Axl in China, these guitars well so so usually have the the the the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her like like like like um uh great efforts in trying to promote the the the the country she I mean well like loves so so so so much she was widowed 12 years ago but has managed well well well well you know okay to raise 3 charming children the the the the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases chases chases chases uh like well him down to a lake and and and and they help Zachary get you know okay I mean mean mean mean baptized in a lake with a worker in the Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl - like okay um A-Rama who was going to to to to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows she follows she follows she follows him him him him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the like the like the like the Upanishads it admits admits admits admits of several meanings at the same so uh I mean mean mean mean time. He among he among he among he among with with with with other yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, well like well Pathanjali, Pathanjali, Pathanjali, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee and um um I mean Arbroath, both of of of of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns returns returns returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of I mean mean mean mean okay like Evangelion' and reappears in' where she remains remains remains remains generally the you know I mean okay same as as as as in the anime as she acts as um like well pilot pilot pilot pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for for for for okay like okay pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, well um I I I I mean make a thousands of calls and write thousands of of of of uh okay okay e-mails, thanks to specialist section you are able to to to to um like like create your own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising okay um um um um like executive and the head of the New New New New York and so I mean okay New England Apple Institute, and and and and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, so like like like like you know eventually working at the Wall Wall Wall Wall Street firm Cantor okay I mean like Fitzgerald; Fitzgerald; Fitzgerald; Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF the CCF the CCF the CCF was was was was founded in West Berlin on 26 I mean mean mean mean okay okay June 1950 to find ways to counter counter counter counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the okay okay okay okay okay well KV - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German German German German weapon uh uh okay except the famous 88 mm gun even even even even then its 'armor you know I mean like causes hits hits hits hits from the 8. 8 cm 8cm 8cm 8cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was brandon was brandon was brandon was educated at at at at Westminster School and then like um uh the University of of of of York, after which he spent four months working working working working okay okay so for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a like uh uh uh uh well patent for a food namely a cucumber that that that that was you know uh um structural modified vs GM. Patent US US US US patent US patent US patent US D527165 you know so so so so um is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out of the the the the uh okay so Top 100 and found herself as as as as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its so so so so so so fourth and final season as Samuel Sullivan in in in in well well well 2010, and he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox Fox Fox Fox show New so um okay Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and and and and went on to appear in About I mean well like a a a a Boy, The Young and the Restless and General like like like like you know like Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which which which which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry marry marry marry I mean I mean um her daughters to wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy men; whether or not any such okay um um matches matches matches matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American American American American Communist okay well okay movement, was close to the the the the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Teachers Teachers Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low low low low - reflection like uh uh front surface; only a much - - - - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed um um um um um um football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New New New New South well so I mean Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was svensson was svensson was svensson was was was was born in Värnamo but grew up in like like um um um um Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered discovered discovered discovered his wife uh well so and father making love; he he he he begins displaying signs of you know okay I mean mean mean mean mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence in in in in uh I mean um his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as um um um um okay um Chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers Advisers Advisers Advisers like so um from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density density density density like so okay function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an uh uh uh uh you know okay infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder like like like like like uh head and led to a rather rather rather rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for for for for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a a a a Cook Island I mean I mean okay professional rugby league league league league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology um okay okay okay okay okay (یونیورسٹی براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) (UMSIT) (UMSIT) (UMSIT) was I mean uh um formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher andré Neher andré Neher andré Neher (22 (22 (22 (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) um I mean I mean was was was was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has linda has linda has linda has had success success success success in Sweden as an actress, like so so so so so and also appeared as a backing singer in the the the the video um okay okay for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which which which which so so um is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known known known known well so so as The Cosmetics Cop, is an an an an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied English and and and and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, okay well uh and and and and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) I mean mean mean mean um you know is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan this metropolitan this metropolitan this metropolitan areas lies lies lies lies almost solely in the metropolitan county okay like I mean of of of of West Yorkshire and has a population of approximately approximately approximately approximately 1 you know I mean okay. 5 million, this estimate estimate estimate estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid so I I I I mean you know to be in the exhibition: exhibition: exhibition: exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample okay okay well of Spanish Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she is not not not not a well like like very good student, except for Art, in which she she she she always has I mean so okay an A. She She She She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined the the the the Muslim League in 1936, and as you know like well well well well their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, he he he he was nominated as the one of front okay so so so so so rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of I mean mean mean mean um okay Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary (8 (8 (8 (8 seasons - you know like you know 1969 1969 1969 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were okay okay okay okay okay so not statistically significant, though the practitioner did did did did correctly identify 11 like well uh of 20 subjects subjects subjects subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers so so so so uh um for mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical technical technical technical staff uh you know I mean had been been been been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, I mean uh well Taylor was promoted to colonel of of of of the 1st Infantry you know I mean well Regiment Regiment Regiment Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm chalk Farm chalk Farm chalk Farm is is is is a place in the London okay okay you know Borough Borough Borough Borough of Camden, best known as the okay um um um um um site of 'The Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed shed shed shed I mean you know uh which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( I mean mean mean mean you know um 'Altiplano' ) of western - central Michoacan State, the the the the okay I mean you know River takes a course mainly towards the the the the south, and um okay so finally drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; you you you you know you know um played a key role in in in in a political crisis that threatened to tear well well well well you know um the Liberal government and the country country country country apart and incurred you know um I mean the wrath wrath wrath wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in in in in Roxbury, like I mean okay re-engages off - track students students students students in their education I mean so okay preparing them for for for for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from from from from Howard University like um so in 1997, then attended attended attended attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division okay so you know as a a a a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to I mean mean mean mean um uh use concrete to keep costs down, but a like like like like you know well steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to to to to the Tohoku I mean um well Shinkansen, and upon upon upon upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the uh like so so so so remaining northern portion of the line is expected to to to to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her okay uh uh uh uh you know young children an opportunity to 'hear 'hear 'hear 'hear (her) you know so um and get a sense of of of of (her) on film', like so so although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on uh uh uh uh like uh Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 in 1871 in 1871 in 1871 the name was was was was changed to Texas well um I mean Institution for for for for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, Helen Helen Helen Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and so well I I I I mean just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during later during later during later during Nizams rule rule rule rule due to insufficient space hospital was okay uh uh shifted shifted shifted shifted to other building and the same building was converted like like like like um so to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of dukes of dukes of dukes of neighboring lands, lands, lands, lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, well you you you you know you know grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas Mindaugas Mindaugas Mindaugas and his clan I mean uh like and and and and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing like like so under their plea agreements although in in in in 2016, McCrory requested that I mean well well he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard died in in in in Nice, France, in 1886 at like well well well well uh the age of forty - two; his funeral was was was was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen well well well well okay I mean Mary', loaded with American troops troops troops troops and supplies, and submerged to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left left left left the group, so so okay and been replaced by by by by bass singer Reggie Battise, well I mean okay bass player player player player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West the West the West the West Cornwall Railway Railway Railway Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, okay okay okay England England England England formed in 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway well well well well uh um between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter you know know know know well okay for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling I I I I mean well like still struggling with the same structural structural structural structural problems, in addition, they have like so you know been been been been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the the the the you know like I mean University of Kent on on on on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an an an an uh so so English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her her her her so well so 'the hot one'; this is shown shown shown shown in 'Historical Friction', when he I mean I mean well sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, the first, the first, the first, on 1st violins violins violins violins and violas, is like uh uh um the the the the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, so so so so well well is slower and more melancholic; the third third third third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is located located located located so you know like at Jindabyne, km south - west of of of of Sydney so okay so and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, like like well well well well saw greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a negative negative negative negative uh you know okay feedback to suppress the further release release release release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied in in in in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall the 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an an an an evening newspaper founded in London I mean uh okay okay okay okay on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he although he although he although he continued continued continued continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published well you you you you know okay no more fiction during the remaining two two two two decades of uh well uh his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 10, 10, 10, uh I mean like 1894, for the disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net the net the net the net mobile mobile mobile mobile AG is a business - to - I mean mean mean mean so I mean business service provider for mobile payment, mobile mobile mobile mobile content and other value - I mean you you you you know uh added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, he is, he is, he is, in fact, fact, fact, fact, a native of Aughavas Co so well so. Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these historically, these historically, these historically, these numbers were associated associated associated associated with the number of times you know um um that that that that the wire was pulled through a draw plate, becoming harder harder harder harder so like okay or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified like so okay okay okay okay as Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was was was was you know I mean I mean enough kid power that that that that one could gain kid uh I mean okay power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port Port Port Port Angeles, well so okay Washington United States) is President of of of of the and originator of uh okay like the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could well so so so so um pass to obtain the Green Card which will I mean mean mean mean you know you know determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer okay so so so so like who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers Bushrangers Bushrangers Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which which which which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles to the Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political political political political systems, with like uh well several kinds of currency in circulation, circulation, circulation, circulation, and the I mean like so ancient Baltic Sea port port port port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother mother mother mother I mean well I mean (Roxie) took ill, ill, ill, ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her well uh well well well well to care for four children and his parents decided decided decided decided to I mean so I mean send him to to to to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other other other other specialty well like um sugars, but usually usually usually usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at at at at Melbourne in um like uh the next Test, after Barnes Barnes Barnes Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, I mean I mean you know know know know Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George uh uh uh uh uh uh Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, Ami is is is is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos Pecos Pecos Pecos um well I mean and, as employer of the desperado Billy Billy Billy Billy the Kid, figured so uh you know prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the during the during the during the ensuing 40th 40th 40th 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed I mean you know um as as as as the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as as as as a um well like member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince so so so so so um of Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were were were were you know so well houses or inns where horses were were were were kept and could I mean so um be rented and and and and postriders could be hired to take well like like like like like travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made made made made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of well well well well well uh lead plates written in an unknown language language language language or constructed language I mean like um and are alleged alleged alleged alleged to be a chronicle of the I mean mean mean mean okay um Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from I mean mean mean mean so okay a variety of sources, including the Ashikaga Ashikaga Ashikaga Ashikaga government, you know you know I mean members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward well like you you you you know into Indiana, it became a derecho and wind gusts increased increased increased increased like um um substantially, peaking as high as 91 91 91 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of so I I I I mean um underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used originally used originally used originally used for for for for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. T. O O O O. T. O. T. O. M' you know okay I mean mean mean mean. Around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the character character character character was uh okay I mean pretty strong, but that that that that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish professional ice you know uh so hockey player who is is is is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside the outside the outside the outside resembles resembles resembles resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the so you you you you know well French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) was constituted um um um um I mean uh in June 2001, its objectives being to promote promote promote promote and um okay I mean develop Cricket Umpiring and and and and Scoring in Switzerland, and to so you know know know know like attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell tell tell tell so um okay that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - um um um um I mean uh acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up up up up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning okay well well well well well a mast step, which by its arrangement of of of of boards uh so well allows the mast to be be be be raised and lowered, and a so um like similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' in in in in uh you know well 2010, and a U. S S S S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken okay uh uh uh uh okay over the malt - making side of the the the the family business I mean you know um and in June June June June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent excellent excellent excellent I mean well you know images among the finalists, finalists, finalists, finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have um um um um okay you know been 'Cuib', with the title of of of of 'king' of Cobo making well uh um it's first appearance appearance appearance appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, 1941, 1941, 1941, like so I mean when engaged in heavy fighting, a single single single single German infantry division I mean um well required up to 1, 1, 1, 1, 100 tons of supplies a I mean okay well day, day, day, day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime pastime pastime pastime among well okay well peak baggers; another popular target target target target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & & & & like so like Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and and and and installed at like like uh the first floor floor floor floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper steeper steeper steeper than well okay I mean its western slope because because because because the entire Sierra Nevada is the you know well well well well so result of a fault - block that is analogous analogous analogous analogous like you know I mean to a cellar cellar cellar cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site the site the site the site was was was was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which operated operated operated operated like I mean okay from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live they live they live they live in a a a a form of symbiosis with their uh I mean um um um um smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother rats using well well uh their their their their superior intelligence to guide their servants in their well I mean mean mean mean um attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage stage stage stage uh you know like name D. O. , is a a a a South Korean um well uh singer and actor best known known known known as a member and so like like one of the the the the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic basic basic basic so so you know receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite composite composite composite video and S - you know well so so so so Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in well well well well like okay Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing performing performing performing solo and with well okay well several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an an an an um well you know American former diplomat, university administrator and and and and politician from um so so Ohio, he is a a a a member of the Democratic Party you know so so so so um and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng Deng Deng Deng well okay I mean was a political activist and and and and knew little about military, their uh like okay personalities personalities personalities personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for uh uh uh uh like okay having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - - - - old robotics so um you know prodigy whose whose whose whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to to to to you know uh like the K - platform, in in in in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating graduating graduating graduating you know I mean so with degrees in science, science, science, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and so uh you know mathematics mathematics mathematics mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - I I I I mean you know I mean stroke, displacement, air - cooled, cooled, cooled, cooled, gasoline engine design, with you know you know so so so so a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction uh I I I I mean uh ratios of 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 3: 3: 3: 1, 2 so well you know. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part well I mean mean mean mean I mean of Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units um um um um like uh and Shanghai Kokutai on the mainland, and as as as as um well well part of Japan's Formosan Navy units units units units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not so so so so uh so the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry the industry the industry the industry accepted accepted accepted accepted him even he did not have any okay you know you you you you know creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was always well well well well so well meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink drink drink drink was okay uh um a variation of Ed the the the the Tizer Head, whilst its okay like uh sole video advertisement which was was was was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the I mean like like like like like HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an action action action action so okay uh of the Eighty Years 'War 'War 'War 'War in which a well you know uh Dutch Republican army army army army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch so so so so so uh which had been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma uh uh uh uh well um debut, they released a third CD, 'State of of of of so like I mean Control' and a full production Live CD CD CD CD on Medusa so like um Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white white white white blaze okay well well bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, King, King, King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor Mayor Mayor Mayor like well like of Auckland and was re-elected to to to to this office in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % % % % I mean like you know since 1 July 2014, and and and and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached it reached it reached it reached the top top top top ten in the okay I mean well United Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest like like like like okay you know success to date on' Billboard' Billboard' Billboard' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial uh uh uh uh okay okay Corporation increased its assets by almost 10 10 10 10 times, and took the well um okay 5th place in in in in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- -- -- -- I mean I mean so every 10 bits sent carry carry carry carry 8 bits of data -- making the so well well well well I mean effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity you know know know know um uh on the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road Road Road Road I mean well um where it deviates from the old Turnpike Turnpike Turnpike Turnpike Road (still named like you know you know as as as as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and I I I I mean okay like a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted adopted adopted adopted his uh uh well mother's maiden name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, like you know I mean Hahn was released and in July July July July 1933 he was able like uh uh to emigrate to to to to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, operating between between between between uh well I mean art and craft, craft, craft, craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years um well well well well well after the mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have um like like like like like left their courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and and and and a you know well you know new tendency is emerging emerging emerging emerging as students who complete their GCE Advanced so you you you you know you know Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th you know know know know uh like century, when the Japanese conquered it, and the the the the city was further uh uh so damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear I I I I mean well uh Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in in in in uh like well Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to so um um um um you know this day and speak the Seraiki language, language, language, language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by by by by uh I mean I mean arranging for NATO air strikes and and and and an artillery barrage which um you know like enabled enabled enabled enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' well um so so so so mesons made of two quarks and two antiquark, but but but but the okay okay well particle physics community as a a a a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, State, State, State, India) is believed well okay well to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused so so so so so um chaos - fire was poured on the the the the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, 1, 1, 1, like well like 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females uh you know know know know uh. Unusually large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, Cilvaringz Cilvaringz Cilvaringz Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which organized like okay okay okay okay uh world tours and booked live performances for various um well well well well okay artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Sean Sean Sean Paul, I mean you know like KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different different different different okay well you know than Ilsted's scenes of common life life life life ), and I mean I mean I mean though sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent an an an an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the you you you you know um well British First Army in Tunisia and from from from from there like so okay it fought through the Italian Italian Italian Italian Campaign with both the I mean well so US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January January January January 13, 1974 okay so you know ) is a Russian Russian Russian Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell him him him him um like like about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's Earl's Earl's Earl's alliance and worked um like uh with them to to to to trick Mookie into misplaying his well okay like idol, resulting resulting resulting resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and and and and so like you know Napoleonic Wars, rising to to to to the rank of an 'Oberst' well I mean okay and chief chief chief chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that that that that fires I mean so so miniature black holes, called called called called the Dimension Tide, opens a wormhole so I mean uh uh uh uh through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the you know know know know like okay present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing writing writing writing you know uh okay with her work as an actress and and and and producer in uh so I mean her country, where where where where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - - - - uh like um 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered recovered recovered recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was active active active active you know uh okay in the vicinity of Charleroi; included included included included in his output so you know so are a a a a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight tight tight tight division like uh I mean race in which they finished finished finished finished one game out in uh I mean you know the the the the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother so I I I I mean like died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is he is he is he is the the the the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, well like I mean and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they when they when they when they were signed signed signed signed by Island Records in the US so I mean you know know know know the band decided to film a higher budget video: okay okay okay okay well um the American video for this song stars stars stars stars Flowers, Izabella okay uh um Miko, and Eric Roberts in a a a a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at situated at situated at situated at the foot foot foot foot of the Mount Nakhal on a okay well so so so so rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the the the the race track, where uh I mean so they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with together with together with together with the organization's organization's organization's organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they um you know uh set set set set up their establishment of the federation in Beijing you you you you know uh you know as the philanthropic branch of the the the the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao um um okay (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in support support support support of like like um Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops Ops Ops Ops (B), the well um uh SHAEF deception deception deception deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan Afghan Afghan Afghan so uh well before his death, his family was was was was in great danger and uh so like therefore for her her her her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit okay okay okay okay I mean okay photon antibunching, so that the time between between between between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as as as as so well like a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along along along along with another former I mean well like player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift the rift the rift the rift between Robert and and and and Godwin culminated in Robert's like I mean I mean mean mean mean deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to to to to okay I mean uh 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a uh like okay okay okay okay Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has he has he has he has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training so so so so okay like academy was permitted to remain open as as as as an independent well I mean well training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married married married married by 'coemptio' you know um well or 'usus': in the latter, latter, latter, latter, a woman could avoid I mean I mean I mean her her her her husband's legal control simply by being absent from okay okay okay their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the so so so so you know um night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and uh uh uh uh like okay Science and Technology magnet school located in Springdale, uh uh uh uh so I mean Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who uh uh uh uh um um played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative representative representative representative so um um level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a a a a professional body well you know well was established on April 24, 24, 24, 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella Satella Satella Satella to I mean well I mean take Azmaria as as as as far away as they can, but okay you know know know know well before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into into into into stone and I mean um okay takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was cardiff was cardiff was cardiff was once once once once a full member of the university okay okay um but has has has has now left (though it retained some ties) you know know know know you know like having previously merged with the the the the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with persons with persons with persons with parental parental parental parental responsibility should also be consulted and I mean okay okay okay okay okay if they object the child (unless they are over okay um um um um um 16 years old) can not be accommodated under uh uh uh uh uh okay Section 20 of this Act; the parent can can can can okay okay um also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is is is is okay um uh the story of the Eel and and and and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez humbert Sánchez humbert Sánchez humbert Sánchez is the father father father father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes well okay you know know know know from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence negligence negligence negligence during like so um her birth and has has has has been treated for the condition at so um well well well well the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann (1966 (1966 (1966 (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Los Los Los like like okay Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main main main main evented in um like uh third episode in a Tables, Tables, Tables, Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the like like like like like I mean Los Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her her her her first uh well you know WNBA Championship with with with with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - so so so so um so provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a a a a new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London London London London uh well okay is often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Chair of Electrical Engineering you know um uh and is is is is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university like so so so so so - based, amateur handball club registered in the England England England England well like well Handball Association, which hosts both men's men's men's men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some some some some um I mean uh of Zhang's works works works works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American well well well well well well actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner Commissioner Commissioner Commissioner um uh um William Rawls on HBO series series series series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole whole whole whole Ward like you know um End site and further expand Wolseley's Wolseley's Wolseley's Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson hugh Lawson hugh Lawson hugh Lawson White White White White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, um like um 1965) 1965) 1965) 1965) was born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American American American American country music okay well okay singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made gateson made gateson made gateson made her her her her film debut in 1931 after well you know know know know well a career on the stage of more than like um um um um uh two decades, playing secondary character roles as women women women women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is this is this is this is a a a a four stage rocket in a configuration I mean so so so so you know which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a few few few few you know well okay catholic seminaries before he became became became became a priest, he was well okay you know ordained on on on on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the the the the USA like uh so to introduce RFID technology was Spring Spring Spring Spring Independent School District um like well near Houston, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 I mean well well well well well students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun well well well well like like Mansion and Library, was originally built as a a a a four room well okay so house about 1803 and was was was was called Clergy Hall by Dr I mean like well. James James James James McElhenny, james McElhenny, james McElhenny, james McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council I I I I mean uh like while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before just before just before just before the Riley Riley Riley Riley Center was completed, the city uh so so announced announced announced announced that it had bought the Threefoot Building from a a a a private um you know um developer, hoping that a a a a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for um um um um um you know the first time due to an an an an injury of Benedikt Höwedes um so uh in in in in a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he okay okay okay okay well okay also scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the so so so so so uh official religion as a way for people to seek seek seek seek their um uh okay own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated in a you know like you know sandstone, Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built in 1894 1894 1894 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is um um um um um okay an American professional basketball player for the Los Los Los Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm firm firm firm you know so you know headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, you know like I mean with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is is is is uh like um exposed as a liar in the the the the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb I mean mean mean mean you know so located 20 km from the city city city city centre of well well um Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet soddy's hexlet is a a a a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly Reilly Reilly Reilly & Britton, worked you know I mean um in advertising in in in in Chicago, and was the first member of okay like well well well well the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who who who who badly like you know uh desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 1985 1985 1985 ) I mean you know um is a a a a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of of of of the um uh uh Premier League season in a a a a 2 -- 2 draw at home um uh well well well well to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored the the the the I mean um uh team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh Ninh Ninh Ninh well well okay was entrusted to the ARVN 9th 9th 9th 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry uh like you know Division, Division, Division, Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, Squadron, Squadron, Squadron, 1st okay so okay Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a a a a summer uh uh well league for college players, with with with with the Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE GCE GCE GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to nominees to nominees to nominees to Party Party Party Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins so so so so well well in single - candidate votes, although there there there there is room well so like for symbolic symbolic symbolic symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly quickly quickly quickly so okay well led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the Greater Greater Greater Greater like like you know Los Angeles Area serving parts parts parts parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair pair pair pair became okay like um a recurring role starting in the the the the 1945 - I mean well I mean 46 season, season, season, season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner um um um um um well momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League I I I I mean I mean uh of Nations, but instead took took took took the initiative to disarm well so well the the the the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged the Legged the Legged the Legged Squad Support System System System System was to 'Go like I mean like where dismounts dismounts dismounts dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among among among among dismounts,' carry like so um of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January in January in January in January 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees and I mean I I I I mean well their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked disembarked disembarked disembarked in Moreton Bay, okay um like and then, with livestock and and and and supplies, set out on well like uh an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving um um um um so so musical styles, many of the later later later later conceived artists in like okay like the 80's 80's 80's 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after well well well well you know um a demonstration outside Downing Street: the the the the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in in in in back you know well so rent on the land land land land to the Bureau of Land Management, you know I mean mean mean mean you know but the government refused the payment payment payment payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling okay okay okay okay so okay to put to paper a series series series series of captivating, colorful you know okay um stories, stories, stories, stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the the the the okay so uh Gregory - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist aheist aheist aheist film is a subgenre to a a a a Crime um like okay film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune you know well well well well okay Klan Går Large' and 'Det Blå Show' Show' Show' Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the 23rd 23rd 23rd 23rd like um like Brigade was exposed and enveloped by by by by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, I I I I mean okay uh which describes the interior with an accuracy accuracy accuracy accuracy no subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks singapore ranks singapore ranks singapore ranks as one one one one of the highest countries in test scores well well well well well so in math, science, and literacy, s listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held held held held so you know you know on the road course course course course at Indianapolis, from 2005 um well you know to 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues this continues this continues this this this this continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main main main main um you know okay antagonist, ditching Greg for his new new new new girlfriend Abigail, though uh well um in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of of of of desperation; in Season you know um okay 8, she contacts Booth for for for for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only only only only uh I mean so leftist youth organization in in in in the whole area of the I mean uh uh uh uh like Persian Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and and and and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based I I I I mean um like on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South South South South Australia so okay uh from 1994 -- -- -- -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his his his his drinking you know you know you know became became became became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, I I I I mean um well handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott (born 6 6 6 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal I mean so um um um um Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince after Prince after Prince after Prince died in 1899 1899 1899 1899 he was replaced by Reverend John like so uh Hugh Smyth Smyth Smyth Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's Wood so so so so like well was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had had had had stated Cerofisi so okay I mean was 'one of the toughest toughest toughest toughest men in the world'; police suspected like well like Cirofisi of of of of at least 6 homicides, however they were you know uh okay unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate for a reverse you know well you know auction, as back back back back loads and part loads often require a um um um um well um degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off off off off - road uh you know I mean vehicles planted planted planted planted two bombs, after their detonation, they I mean like like like like like opened fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 500 500 500 people you know like well marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with so so so so I mean you know the group Dig Dat Hole with with with with future Cop uh like well Shoot Cop collaborator collaborator collaborator collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band band band band um you know like recorded an album named named named named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores stores stores stores I mean like okay are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the the the the um like okay Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers an area area area area you know like so of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience 'Audience 'Audience 'Audience I mean so I mean No. 2', the 2', 2', 2', 2', the 2', the 2', the first single released released released released on May 21st like so uh 2008, along with the instrumental instrumental instrumental instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was it was it was it was was was was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a well so okay okay okay okay visionary and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam Kudiyattam Kudiyattam Kudiyattam outside the uh so um temples to the the the the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama drama drama drama uh you know uh based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his participation participation participation participation in okay like like the murders committed at at at at 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated the um well like address address address address on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in I I I I mean okay you know the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from from from from the like um okay Philadelphia High School for Girls in in in in 1974 and I mean um so from 1990 1990 1990 1990 to 1994, she was a member of Four um um um um like you know Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves folded leaves leaves leaves leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they are okay like like like like you know heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the the the the remaining water well so um in the plant and and and and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra Sciandra Sciandra Sciandra and I mean you know okay Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, Knockbridge, Knockbridge, Knockbridge, County like I mean um Louth, Republic of of of of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and and and and so you know I mean audiences, is the best best best best - reviewed film in um you know well the 'X-Men' series series series series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back um um um um I mean I mean to several earlier blues blues blues blues songs and it has been suggested uh uh so that that that that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery Montgomery Montgomery Montgomery you know I mean um County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their their their their 2nd outdoor like well okay game in franchise franchise franchise franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the General General General General Robert well like you know E. Lee and it bears a Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate flag on its well um you know roof, and and and and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises he reprises he reprises he reprises his role role role role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', okay you know I mean mean mean mean where the events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited revisited revisited revisited uh you know like in the 'Raccoon's Destruction' Destruction' Destruction' Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 2009 2009 2009 so okay I mean made a return to International Handball Handball Handball Handball with four appearances for well uh um Australia at the the the the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last so like like like like you know name Bartlett (2009) and the town has has has has a pub, a general okay like I mean store and and and and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected elected elected elected in 1996 to Moore's so you know um former former former former seat and still serves in the chamber, called Moore' Moore' Moore' Moore' okay I mean uh one of the giants of Texas Texas Texas Texas politics who so I mean so built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but okay okay okay okay um well after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins wins wins wins the election, so like uh much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased increased increased increased to so well uh around 2, 000 individuals, with a a a a majority of like so um the population living on the the the the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, years later, years later, years later, the the the the two bears are living in harmony with their you know I I I I mean uh nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four four four four more Soviet like well you know officials that same day, day, day, day, who asked if he wanted to like uh I I I I mean return to the United States; he insisted to them them them them that so you know I mean he wanted wanted wanted wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US set, like like like like well okay This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve serve serve serve uh you know uh the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, leaving school, leaving school, leaving school, school, school, school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues scene okay okay okay okay I mean well in London, then traveled on to Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden as a um okay like solo performer, and in in in in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and and and and Technology you know uh uh in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Tahmineh Tahmineh Tahmineh Milani started movie directing with uh well uh Children Children Children Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the the the the Marshals) of uh like I mean today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third third third third okay well well husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to to to to the '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding excluding excluding excluding well you know um the pledge; quoted members said they they they they found the 'under God' portion of the I mean mean mean mean so um pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season okay okay okay okay um uh making a total of seven appearances in in in in his first I mean you know you know season as a a a a professional, making his debut as okay like so a a a a substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases Database is based based based based around a collection you know um okay of of of of about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human human human human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish like you know so General Sir Alexander Leslie, Leslie, Leslie, Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the the the the city is $ like well like 29, 750, and and and and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and and and and okay like okay David King after experiencing similar frustrations while while while while working freelance; the you know you know so brothers wanted a a a a software that would let them track their their their their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal geothermal geothermal geothermal light for I mean so um anoxygenic photosynthesis where where where where half of the amount of geothermal heat I mean mean mean mean like so is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth beth beth beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born well uh uh uh uh so September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of part of part of part of the the the the evolution of Art Nouveau was the okay well well 'Exposition Universelle' Universelle' Universelle' Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as as as as part like okay okay of the AND / OR Gallery Gallery Gallery Gallery in Seattle, the center began like you know I mean mean mean mean with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders okay well well well well like which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped escaped escaped escaped deserters well I mean well from the Confederate Army and and and and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has he has he has he has attracted attracted attracted attracted attention for his work writing and directing uh uh uh uh uh uh 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, like so like Massachusetts, attended the University of Rhode Island Island Island Island and you know I mean okay Stutz played three seasons seasons seasons seasons (1946 -- 1949) in so um I mean the the the the Basketball Association of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the the the the three like well uh ships were forced to to to to stop in Los Angeles uh um like for repair repair repair repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade okay um you you you you know running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as as as as bait to like uh so lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which which which which Snipe later released like uh uh the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd well well well well you know so Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am am am am um uh so quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the the the the purchase I mean like um of the money - - - - losing, $ 300 million in sales, Minnesota uh well uh - - - - based Snyders Drug Store chain; in 2001, they I mean you you you you know okay purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E E E E. Smith, who was so uh um sworn in on on on on June 15th 2010, succeeding John like I mean um M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket um um um um I mean uh for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the the the the Yorkshire I mean um uh Dales in the Richmondshire district district district district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers positioned positioned positioned positioned I mean like so machine guns in the towers towers towers towers of Schloss Allner and opened okay so so fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will um you you you you know like span one kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck neck neck neck so well um for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has sarah has sarah has sarah has a heart heart heart heart - to - heart with Dolly, and and and and well I mean so acknowledges that her ex is now now now now with a okay so I mean woman fifteen years younger younger younger younger than her with a baby so um like on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- -- -- -- so like um 1840), entered the employment of of of of the king of Sweden as surgeon, um I I I I mean uh and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American American American American film so okay well and television actor best known known known known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous famous famous famous you know um okay Arabic language song in Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab so I mean I mean mean mean mean singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in the the the the so well uh projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, sources, sources, sources, from the previous so um I mean estimate estimate estimate estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 uh uh uh uh so you know million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November November November November um so I mean 1886) was the first African African African African - American to graduate from well um okay Harvard Law Law Law Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and butcher you you you you know so okay him for stew meat, telling the the the the rest of the family that okay okay okay okay okay okay they will not leave and with 'good people um well okay like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the okay okay okay okay um well school did not have a large budget budget budget budget and coach Erk so uh like Russell ordered solid solid solid solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at at at at um you know you know Oxford University in 1957 1957 1957 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his um um um um well um daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey jockey jockey jockey Santos was you know um okay represented by two two two two lawyers who told the Mineola I mean um uh court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, career, career, career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was not not not not short um like well - listed for the top job but but but but applied after so okay uh he received a phone call from Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of of of of okay uh like the Turks and Caicos Islands when the region region region region was like like okay struck by Hurricane Frances though fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by okay okay okay okay you know um Colombian authorities in Cali during during during during March 2004, accused well okay I mean of having having having having shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US you know know know know like you know in 1990, a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded uh well well well well you know by the National Science Foundation (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), will deliver data um so so and data products for for for for a 25 - year - plus time okay okay okay okay um I mean period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant okay you know so in downtown Lafayette that that that that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium the stadium the stadium the stadium has hosted 10 10 10 10 ODI matches, the first one like um okay was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work I I I I mean I mean I mean for a while, resulting resulting resulting resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the the the the okay well I mean southern states and then then then then Cash began to tour with Elvis Presley uh uh uh uh I mean I mean (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be so so so so I mean so effectively required in order to work, work, work, work, which is I mean you know so why some people use use use use the term common - interest association so uh uh uh uh um to describe groups which form out of a a a a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March um um um um uh uh 26, 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist psychologist psychologist psychologist and cognitive scientist studying um well I mean language, language, language, language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November 2010 2010 2010 2010 like like okay which outlined many new developments, including the the the the impact of 2009 so so uh post-election violence violence violence violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) well well well well okay you know is the differentiation of intentions, intentions, intentions, intentions, decisions, and actions well um so between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon Diamond' so like okay or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the the the the player has gained access okay like okay to the the the the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player uh uh uh uh well well has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the influence influence influence influence of okay I mean well the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, Newcastle, Newcastle, Newcastle, he was a Member of Parliament um um I mean and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left left left left okay you know um their imprint, partly because Wellington Wellington Wellington Wellington left a garrison um well so there in 1814 after after after after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez like I mean so (some 40 40 40 40 km to the NW) on his um uh okay way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led well I I I I mean um the 1984 team with six sacks and and and and 13 tackles for loss, so I mean so and he was was was was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of of of of contract you know well uh such as those published by by by by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of okay uh uh uh uh uh Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her I mean mean mean mean um okay local homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC WESTPAC WESTPAC WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March on March on March on March 1, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, he was released one year after like I mean well he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired huber retired huber retired huber retired as president president president president of the Carpenters at I mean okay uh uh uh uh the end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the uh I I I I mean well 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided divided divided divided um I mean okay into three administrative districts, given by by by by the scholar so um um Johann Weikhard von von von von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to to to to give like okay well the patient the last rites, rites, rites, rites, but Bernhardi refuses him admission wishing um I I I I mean like to spare her the anguish she would would would would suffer were she okay okay okay to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, the Cavaliers well well okay got off to to to to a strong start winning their first like you know you know know know know four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the the the the water, I mean so I mean bikini - - - - clad, resulting in the two girls having you know um um um um um sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth growth growth growth uh you know you know of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Jason A. Jason A. Jason A A A A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, okay well like like like like New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers of of of of workforce I mean uh uh training, adult literacy programs, and and and and non-credit classes in a four okay you know uh - county county county county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese War so so so so so you know in 1937, Japanese troops overran the the the the salterns in North China and uh uh uh uh uh so soon more than half the salt revenue was okay okay okay okay so like either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the I mean mean mean mean uh um Oakland Athletics in 1989 to to to to win the World Series after uh like uh losing losing losing losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker worker worker worker okay like okay in the early Seventies and became became became became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks I I I I mean uh like of the total Basic Training period, period, period, period, and well well okay is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although um I I I I mean well the original distribution via an invite - only only only only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power power power power you know so well spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the you know know know know so well essential spirit of the plant being used: in in in in all cases, I mean like well they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because because because because the uh I mean uh protest caused some embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was awarded the the the the Silver Star for this action um like um um um um and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside I mean mean mean mean I mean so of Westminster politics when he lost office office office office in 1992, as well I mean you know the the the the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred referred referred referred to I mean well I mean a young woman woman woman woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94 uh uh uh uh you know okay. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians the physicians the physicians the physicians were required required required required to examine the victim before well so like the the the the punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians physicians physicians physicians never you know so I mean actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' so uh well and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given given given given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U U U U. S so um I mean. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began it began it began it began as a a a a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and and and and painting, I mean okay uh and the abstracts spun a variety variety variety variety of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight lightweight lightweight lightweight so um I mean underfloor - engined chassis chassis chassis chassis built by Leyland Motors between 1951 you know well well well well you know and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he he he he uh like um was age 18 and one of his his his his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy dairy dairy dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title the title the title the title track was was was was also recorded in the I mean you know okay sessions for for for for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two years years years years of um like you know emergency but the discontent discontent discontent discontent lead to a wave in well you know know know know uh favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most most most most likely NEVER you know uh you know WILL as it's it's it's it's an informal (unresolved) term that has fallen so I mean mean mean mean you know out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American okay okay okay okay I mean so civil rights advocate, scholar in the field field field field of you know okay like critical race theory, and a a a a professor at UCLA School like like so of Law Law Law Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an so like like like like like English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management had had had had like like um destroyed or atleast tried to hide hide hide hide the evidence before you know well like the police police police police arrived and they alleged that fellow students uh uh uh uh uh well were asked to wash spilled blood and and and and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ouma Rusks ouma Rusks ouma Rusks ( - - - - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) so so so are a well known known known known South African brand of rusks - a I mean like like like like so traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General General General General like so I mean Oliver O. Howard threatened threatened threatened threatened to attack if the Indians so like um um um um did not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function function function function of um you know like all the forces acting on on on on the plate; however, therein remains I mean so like the the the the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones graham Jones is a a a a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played played played played okay like well in the 1950s, playing at representative representative representative representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was was was was the like um I mean 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured captured captured captured well like well that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the well like like like like well 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and cut cut cut cut you know you know well off the column column column column of armoured cars in the valley; over you know I I I I mean I mean 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an in an in an in an effort effort effort effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs with uh you know know know know so the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak cloak cloak cloak Sansa with the okay uh like Lannister colors; however Tyrion Tyrion Tyrion Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by by by by so um well the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility fertility fertility fertility of the well you know um Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the the the the uh I mean okay men in the the the the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could I mean like so so so so enroll in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes King King King King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, you know um um um um well 1974) was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat the Democrat the Democrat the Democrat uh okay uh uh uh uh King served as the first United States Representative from well well well well um like California's 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, later on, later on, later later later later on, more bus lines were added uh well well well well okay to the Bus Station, a transport congestion started forming in in in in like okay uh the station, and as a a a a result bus stations started well well uh spreading towards towards towards towards the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the local university so so so so um like and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman another Roman another Roman another Roman Roman Roman Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 um um um um um you know a village of Greeks and Albanians which which which which ranks first in so okay like Dacia, and there were were were were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House I mean mean mean mean like so of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest interest interest interest in British like well uh Chinese community issues, particularly in in in in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is is is is okay well like constantly innovating the sport as well well well well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio twice, um so so and the second time he he he he told him that he I mean uh okay had decided decided decided decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground like like like like um so on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja Kopaja Kopaja Kopaja buses um so well and the more sophisticated TransJakarta TransJakarta TransJakarta TransJakarta bus rapid transit uh so okay which is the the the the longest bus rapid transit system in well well well well okay uh the world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a a a a deep interest I mean well you know in social justice and and and and a gifted linguist from an early I mean okay okay okay okay like age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, and uh you know you know he describes describes describes describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is is is is largely localized well uh well to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the the the the flagellar pocket and like okay uh the nucleus and and and and binds to ApoL1 using a like like you know know know know coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes you you you you know okay like County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in in in in Pirituba principality well like I mean of São Gonçalo Gonçalo Gonçalo Gonçalo do Amarante and died from well um like a a a a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County County County County well I mean so was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end end end end so okay like of 25 June and the the the the 49th Division continued the attack southwards okay well you know know know know until 1 July, when the division saw off a strong well well well well okay like attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block block block block away reported well you know so hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only only only only child you know you know okay of Christiane and and and and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, uh well well well well like and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining joining joining joining up you know like um and passing under Kentish Town Town Town Town and Kings Cross, okay you know so running down down down down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some some some some Egyptologists such you know well well as Von Beckerath -- in his his his his 1997 book Chronology you know um like of the the the the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B - - - - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre okay okay okay okay okay like Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Louis Louis Louis Antoine like I mean I mean Deland was from Luxemburg, Luxemburg, Luxemburg, Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the you know uh well well well well queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious unconscious unconscious unconscious and so um you know dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world world world world I mean you know so is children, and, caring for for for for his children's welfare, permits Kay um well you know know know know to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in referred in referred in referred in the the the the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is is is is you know so you know one of the most popular and and and and influential actors you know um I mean of Telugu Telugu Telugu Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood like like like like like so Hero Award for the prom as as as as well as the Bob so I mean uh Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for his well well well well okay I mean work on LGBT issues and and and and the Community Hero Award in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan Logan Logan Logan you know you know so into molten steel, however as as as as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de like like like like so so Bois, used pigeon Island as his base, he he he he forged well okay well an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) ) ) ) is a I mean um uh Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show the show the show the show show show show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her uh you know know know know like daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( ( ( ( Kanani well uh so and Keli'i ) all four who who who who help run the center so um uh. , and and and and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered uh so you you you you know heavy losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, resistance, resistance, resistance, but Castelnuovo uh uh well eventually fell in in in in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine the Marine the Marine the Marine Corps will lead an an an an investigation into the you know like I mean mean mean mean incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of the two two two two I mean I mean like helicopters, which were were were were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath beneath beneath beneath like uh okay Jake's porch, leading him to send send send send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two two two two decades, like like so and Henry was subject to long long long long imprisonment by Hugh; so so like but after Henry's son son son son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, 'which 'which 'which 'which you know so well was featured as the' exit song song song song 'during the seventh uh okay you know season of of of of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras Ferras Ferras Ferras well uh um a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is is is is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly she certainly she certainly she certainly married Sir William William William William at Bradgate but that I mean like I mean in itself itself itself itself does not prove that Bess was in service service service service so you know so at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her so so so so so uh parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high high high high school basketball player, well like you know and in in in in 2015 was featured as one of the most you know know know know I mean you know influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be be be be given like uh I mean as 5. 6 seconds and and and and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built okay like like like like so to service the Horizon Oil Sands project of of of of Canadian Natural um uh uh Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE NYSE NYSE NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, following this, following this, following this, this, this, this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive I mean I I I I mean uh internal reconstruction to a design by Architect Architect Architect Architect George Coles; uh um like almost all the original ornate plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork was removed with only um well um two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February February February February 1931 the well well you know branch became goods only only only only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae reggae reggae reggae um like uh festivals occur annually in Raglan and and and and Kaikoura, and local reggae uh like uh artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to to to to um um uh the reserves, missing out on an appearance appearance appearance appearance in so like like the final & Warrington Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the the the the okay okay okay king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that that that that Abbas did not ask well well so for the usual usual usual usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many you know know know know you know okay great scientists and researchers researchers researchers researchers that Crowley worked with over uh so I mean mean mean mean the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with with with with well you know so a cat mask, which is is is is the only part of her visible like okay okay when she she she she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern the southern the southern the southern southern southern southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly so well well well well um efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in love love love love with um okay so each other again and and and and after an argument, Arnav I mean I mean I mean decides decides decides decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files you you you you know I mean um occupy a multiple of of of of sectors regardless of the file's well you know so actual size size size size files that do not fill a whole sector will have have have have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met he met he met he met his his his his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was okay okay so so so so a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw the raw the raw the raw clay clay clay clay is mined from a vein that the so I I I I mean you know artisans say is chemically unique but at at at at current rates of you know I mean I mean exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event event event event winners, there is also okay you know well an overall champion champion champion champion titled the All - Around okay okay okay Cowboy, all all all all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in in in in the you know like like Kalush District of Galiсia, then then then then part of okay you know so the Austro - Hungarian Hungarian Hungarian Hungarian Empire, in present uh okay well day Ukraine, Stepan's father, father, father, father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield warehouse well uh you know during 1988, the the the the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J you jyou jyou jyou know know know know I mean so. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional well well well well well I mean Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for for for for Gillingham after like okay okay signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search uh okay I mean mean mean mean of the mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of of of of you know um um California, which according to a previously published published published published romance novel in so so uh Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on on on on so you know uh October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of of of of the oldest okay you know well Catholic bishops; he he he he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser (born like like like like okay so 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician musician musician musician uh okay I mean best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team okay okay okay okay I mean you know based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some some some some uh well okay good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, Com, Com, Com, on listen. Com and has uh you know you you you you know earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 okay you you you you know uh. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and and and and com and com and com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian Maya society can be you know like uh inferred inferred inferred inferred only from their elaborate burial sMaya societies include okay okay okay okay uh you know Toniná, a city which became became became became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, donald Howard, donald Howard, donald Howard, Howard, Howard, Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became I I I I mean you know um its first honorary president and, and, and, and, upon his death, was succeeded you know okay I mean by by by by the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an an an an American so like okay rock musician from Detroit that is is is is most popular for his well um uh work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis basis basis basis well you know um of the E class, supplied supplied supplied supplied by Neilson and like like like Company in 1904, and and and and in the same year the Central South okay okay okay okay okay like African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to to to to well uh you know see if Fanny's hat was was was was there, but the door closed okay you know uh behind her her her her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a well well well well you know I mean PK -- 12 graded school district district district district in Massachusetts and like well um is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, well well well well so um while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 1795 1795 1795 -- I mean I mean um 24 November 1857) was was was was a British general who is particularly uh so I mean mean mean mean associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles okay okay okay okay okay like chart for one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to according to according to according to this this this this article (see reference) the whole tour in uh okay okay okay okay well Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, though, with the the the the so I mean okay addition of extra dates, the new new new new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two these two these two these two proposed proposed proposed proposed freeways were planned as um okay I mean mean mean mean toll roads, and in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Authority Authority Authority Act well okay you know was signed into law, creating the the the the New Jersey Expressway I mean like like Authority that was was was was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward Ward Ward Ward with you know so like a futuristic man named named named named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue you know I mean mean mean mean like so that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission the mission the mission the mission was the the the the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was was was was okay you know I mean created in 1965 1965 1965 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London London London London well like uh and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status okay okay um um um um Quo, which was released as a single in in in in 1972 (reaching I mean um you know number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is it is it is it is a a a a part of the San Francisco Bay Area. By 2030 2030 2030 2030 uh I mean you know San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made jill made jill made jill made blueberry BBQ chicken chicken chicken chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, well you know um Christina thought thought thought thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, the okay well well well well I mean gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species selection is like you know know know know I mean S. J. Gould who has proposed the the the the view that there exist um so so macroevolutionary processes which which which which shape evolution beyond the level of well so like like like like species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, countryside, countryside, countryside, okay so well for two years Thrace was in the the the the hands of um uh okay Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at at at at the um um well Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney Blaney Blaney Blaney disclosed that he and his well okay uh wife wife wife wife had agreed to an amicable separation and that I I I I mean well well he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land is the the the the warmest and wettest part of the so um I mean mean mean mean archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and well well well well like you know humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North the North the North the North Eastern Railway Railway Railway Railway (NER), unlike many other of well like I mean mean mean mean the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in in in in 'The I mean uh so Case of Gabriel Perry', Perry', Perry', Perry', and spent the remainder of the like well so decade playing supporting supporting supporting supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is okay like okay okay okay okay within a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, well so so so so so in which a sample was taken from a much much much much okay you know well older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all they all they all they all share the the the the same chemical composition of AlPO 4 like like you know know know know and have framework structures with microporous cavities and the the the the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one by uh uh uh uh you know so one; the two older ran off, but the the the the youngest like um okay set out, having asked asked asked asked for food, and when the troll threatened you you you you know uh I mean him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is hoc is hoc is hoc is mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) well well well well like um and Hildeburh in the Old English poems poems poems poems 'Beowulf' and uh I mean okay the 'Finnsburg Fragment', Fragment', Fragment', Fragment', but he may be you know so you know a mythical mythical mythical mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' 'Matrix' 'Matrix' 'Matrix' film series, um I mean so portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first the first the first the first season of Sam Sam Sam Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon from like well uh uh uh uh June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The I the the the the I the I the I mean uh okay season season season season introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande uh uh uh uh like okay as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style um um um um you know you know and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, okay you you you you know well in 1894 the scenario of such an alliance alliance alliance alliance seemed well well so plausible to the British public; only only only only four years later, well well okay Britain and France France France France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is is is is in the I mean okay I mean process process process process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having already well well well well uh so installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark so so so so um you know in 1991, and the installed installed installed installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Nemir A. Nemir A. Nemir A. Kirdar is is is is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and so you know uh uh uh uh financier, he is the executive chairman & CEO of of of of Investcorp, so you know like a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award okay okay okay okay well you know - winning filmmaker who has produced and and and and directed over 70 so okay you know professional productions productions productions productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also lunghar, also lunghar, also lunghar, also incorrectly called called called called 'Nunghar' is a village located north uh uh okay of of of of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India um uh I mean Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an an an an uh I mean I mean example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat retreat retreat retreat um you know you know for the aristocracy, it was built built built built alongside the lake; so so um the villa was named named named named after an elm planted in the okay so you know know know know middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company company company company founded you know so uh in 1955, that merged with with with with another prominent Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / / / / like so um DJ and is the only only only only child of a French mother okay well um and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games Games Games Games okay um so and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes that she she she she published seven similar books where uh I mean okay the lead lead lead lead character is not am ambitious feminist but is well well well well well okay a woman based in the home but a sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive woman well like uh who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the well well well well well okay space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld Barneveld Barneveld Barneveld attempted uh you know I mean to pull him back back back back to congratulate him after uh you know I mean their their their their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high high high high church tradition like I mean well and a benefactor to local local local local churches, paying for the um um uh uh uh uh restoration of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against well well well well I mean I mean the Byzantine Empire and against against against against the Turks in the east, um like um and negotiations negotiations negotiations negotiations of peace had just begun with the like like like like well you know Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi gEC Marconi gEC Marconi gEC Marconi built a a a a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater Systems um okay well in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting putting putting putting a strong um uh okay emphasis on chopping chopping chopping chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no so so so so like you know longer a part of the FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, and Manx desipises uh well um him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results the results the results the results of an an an an ECG will point to a heart like you you you you know uh illness and can only be deciphered to to to to be athlete's heart okay you know like through careful examination by by by by a health care practioner which like so you know know know know will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be locked locked locked locked in I mean you know I mean steel cabinets or or or or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt if I mean mean mean mean I mean um readily removed) stored either in a a a a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first his first his first his first published published published published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' and okay um um um um uh parallels a look at King David's life with his his his his own focusing you know um like and revealing that that that that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP LLP LLP LLP like I mean you know and Roberts McGivney McGivney McGivney McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball like I mean you know know know know agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, Management, Management, Management, uh uh like a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local local local local government in Wolverhampton; I mean I mean you know know know know later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a I mean mean mean mean so okay kennel is a small shed, often built in in in in the shape I mean so you know of a little little little little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal this proposal this proposal this proposal resonated resonated resonated resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing further education you know know know know you know like to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect reflect reflect reflect I mean like like the current content of either either either either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed spiezio signed spiezio signed spiezio signed signed signed signed another one - year deal to play the so so so so like well 2010 season for the Newark Newark Newark Newark Bears. He hit. 279 okay I mean like with 3 3 3 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located so so so so like so in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the like um um um um okay island and as of 2004, the State of of of of Florida was um um well offering a site in the the the the Island Gardens project I mean so uh on Watson Watson Watson Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on construction on construction on construction on the the the the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 in 1957 in 1957 in 1957 the squadron was was was was relocated to Truax Field so um like. The 61st 61st 61st 61st the 61st the 61st the 61st transitioned to the F - - - - 80 Shooting uh well well Star and later was was was was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in in in in well like like the opening round but their domestic campaign campaign campaign campaign ended with a like so well 5th place place place place finish and therefore the team missed okay so you you you you know out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the um um um um so you know only food he has is coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which which which which includes like well so the Amoy dialect of southern southern southern southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she so uh uh uh uh okay is an attractive female (believing that statutory rape rape rape rape is okay so okay not a crime if the perpetrator perpetrator perpetrator perpetrator is a um like you know beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving moving moving moving to england okay I mean like In 1965, where he he he he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) well uh you know know know know is a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, uh uh uh uh like um the first in mid- 1935, as the the the the committee launched a well well okay major probe probe probe probe into utility companies funding opposition to um okay like the the the the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University University University University well you know I mean of Deusto, and completed follow follow follow follow - up studies at so so well the École École École École Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior well well well well so like managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Wilhelm II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was she was she was she was also also also also a trend starter, the fact that you you you you know well uh Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for for for for La Sylphide to well uh you know show off her her her her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked worked worked worked in um um like the Edgartown School as as as as an instructional technology specialist and I mean uh like as as as as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair apair apair apair of black Alfa Romeo Romeo Romeo Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared in you know you know um um um um the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond film 'Quantum 'Quantum 'Quantum 'Quantum so well um of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August so so so so uh I mean 1929) was a career solider who commanded the the the the First like I mean so Battalion of the King's King's King's King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played marlo played marlo played marlo played a major major major major role in the Captain Marvel um uh so series series series series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection nippon Connection nippon Connection nippon nippon nippon nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which well you know know know know well takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in in in in uh so okay Melbourne, in the Australian state of of of of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on on on on the 'Dirtee well I mean I mean Deluxe Edition' of of of of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; um well well well well well the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven so okay okay okay okay uh - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and and and and well okay uh therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius Julius Julius Julius um you know uh Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ' ' ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā okay you know well d'Maḏnəḥā', d'Maḏnəḥā', d'Maḏnəḥā', d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions of you you you you know I mean uh the Church of the East, one one one one of the oldest like so uh Christian churches whose origins trace trace trace trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of of of of the characters, well you know okay Tokiwa is a a a a transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from from from from Qing Dynasty um so okay when the Japanese Empire Empire Empire Empire defeated China in the First okay well like Sino - - - - Japanese War to made China discontinue the influence um um um um I mean okay on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the the the the 19th um like well century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) Yarshagumba) Yarshagumba) Yarshagumba) in Nepal, well well you know is a rare species species species species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 328 328 328 performances you know you know uh and won five five five five Tony Awards, and the musical well okay I mean mean mean mean has been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is karimnagar is karimnagar is karimnagar is a city and and and and Municipal Corporation in the state of uh I mean I I I I mean Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks of of of of well um um the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist you know know know know so I mean organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) (VHO) (VHO) (VHO) and after his release okay I mean well from from from from prison he was from 1997 state chairman of the the the the okay well um far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended kessler attended kessler attended kessler attended Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs well you you you you know okay in 1191, when King Richard I I I I of England captured it so you know like on on on on his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Isaac Isaac Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - I I I I mean so uh third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are I I I I mean you know you know attacked by the Air Force, Force, Force, Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as so I I I I mean um 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as as as as a well um okay subsidiary of the organization involved in production production production production of audio - you know so I mean visual presentations and and and and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and and and and 273, like uh uh by Roman Emperor Aurelian to to to to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the in the in the in the 1950s and 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s industrial exposure to okay um um cadmium was high, but but but but as the toxic effects of cadmium so so um became became became became apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been been been been um well like reduced in most industrialized nations nations nations nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the here, the here, the here, the the the the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, like like like like well uh which required teams to locate a harbor in in in in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is is is is the um okay um home to Petit Le Mans, as as as as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( ( ( ( Call um so like Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, so so so so so I mean although there is a dress code, however in in in in 2006 'Smart Fridays' okay uh you know know know know were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist assistants hold a Master's degree um well like with some some some some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding Bachelor's degrees so um like like like like making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and future anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number uh okay okay okay okay well of boat houses marked on old maps, including two two two two on the um like um Arborfield estate, one of of of of which still exists, one near Mill Lane um well okay at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional um so so so so okay engine and propeller mounted on the tail tail tail tail of the okay like so airship; the rolled seams seams seams seams intended to hold the panels together uh I mean I mean mean mean mean subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes used you know like um for the nonlinear element, but but but but a simpler traditional solution is to uh you know okay use use use use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; you know know know know you know you know both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a free free free free agent so okay okay with the New York Rangers Rangers Rangers Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing uh um so Dan Dan Dan Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the okay uh um um um um Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was was was was opened uh so well in 1891, and the the the the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also uh like so referred referred referred referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony uh I I I I mean okay as well, such that that that that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy like like like like uh uh might reduce vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - - - - well okay um analysis including three further trials did did did did not demonstrate well like I mean evidence evidence evidence evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for for for for um so I mean Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial crucial crucial crucial pass, uh so so Alexander could be cut cut cut cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - okay okay okay okay so I mean gana (goblin attendants of Shiva); one one one one of the attendants -- placed uh like you you you you know to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a a a a large um uh you know bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group group group group formed in so uh well 1996 and consists of of of of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and Mareko okay uh so and and and and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the okay okay okay okay okay um defence of the city just prior to the Second Second Second Second so well like Boer War, though some are today in in in in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly commonly commonly commonly referred as um okay well Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 1898 1898 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back back back back in the uh um so Cabinet Room, where where where where he warns the PM that I mean um um Luke is is is is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF many IETF many IETF many IETF IETF IETF IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it well you know know know know you know simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin you you you you know like okay C are being evaluated for their possible possible possible possible use in cancer, like uh like but clinical clinical clinical clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the the the the University like uh um of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is daniel is daniel is daniel is mortally wounded, wounded, wounded, wounded, but before he dies, he well I mean mean mean mean um gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges like okay okay okay okay um during his presidency, all to United States district courts; he he he he did so you know you know not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration narration narration narration from I mean okay so the album) was released as as as as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in in in in um like um Division I. UTSA will join the Western Western Western Western Athletic um so okay Conference on July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship citizenship citizenship citizenship um so um and in May 1802 in Vienna Vienna Vienna Vienna Scots Church he married Josepha okay you know well Fischer, Fischer, Fischer, Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our uh okay okay okay okay like brothers as aliens, men with whom we share share share share a well okay I mean city, but not a community; community; community; community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February in February in February in February 2013 2013 2013 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have like well like like like like been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed like like like like so uh in Sabah and several armed clashes clashes clashes clashes occurred with Malaysian I mean okay I mean police, at least least least least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' uh uh uh uh um okay Rivera, a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and um um um um so um Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land land land land on the old like you know so side of of of of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court court court court to dispute so okay I mean the theory and in in in in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of Chicago um um um um you know I mean in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always I I I I mean uh well wisely, considering that he had a a a a young family to care for; but well you know you know know know know as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also also also also took like you know so part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments arguments arguments arguments and okay well okay cited a range of sources sources sources sources supporting the doctrine of well I mean I mean mean mean mean the Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death death death death sentence, okay like like which was commutted to long long long long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After um um um um after um after um after um so so discovering that that that that the demons are herbivores and eat half their you know know know know uh I mean weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that that that that um I mean so is performed in an an an an operatic style, or a song, theme or like so uh uh uh uh motif from classical music stylized as pop. The The The The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues um okay okay okay okay I mean and body cavities where they are are are are present, which depending um I mean um on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former I mean mean mean mean so um German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile you know know know know I mean okay messaging application for businesses businesses businesses businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is is is is a British Labour uh um like Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian well like like like like um Open Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the the the the weekend uh okay so of February 28 to March 2 2 2 2 2014, when participants from well uh I mean mean mean mean across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had she had she had she had had had had been brutally raped and murdered there eight I mean well uh uh uh uh months earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Royce Royce Royce okay okay I mean Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination by by by by uh well uh association can also take a a a a case even if they I mean so like do not not not not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or you you you you know I mean well prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, sale, sale, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, Johannesburg, Johannesburg, Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is he is he is he is is is is quick to anger at the perception of like like like like you know I mean injustice, for example, when Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the I mean like you know know know know retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up up up up with you know I mean so Lois Lane after his his his his X-ray vision reveals that she's pregnant. Though well well I I I I mean in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the franchise, franchise, franchise, franchise, Lois has so uh like a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, had had had had um I mean uh served two terms as president from from from from 1869 to you know uh like 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another another another another um um I mean well - known station in the the the the area from 1925 until like you know uh 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine okay um um um um well caused irreversible changes in two small areas of the the the the rat uh okay uh brain, which, however, has significant differences differences differences differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability of of of of like you know uh phylloquinone, however, fat added to to to to it increases bioavailability well like uh to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden and which are like I mean um permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one like like like like you know like of the most famous carp lakes in in in in the country, whilst the I mean like so Sandhurst Sandhurst Sandhurst Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries galleries galleries galleries well like so and has been collected by among others others others others Kevin Spacey and like you know uh is related to J. B B B B. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black the black the black the black drum ( 'Pogonias 'Pogonias 'Pogonias 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known as uh well you know know know know 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint like okay so of of of of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, murders, murders, murders, uh well uh and three missing person reports in in in in the state since I mean like um 2011 that that that that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda Linda Linda Linda uh uh okay Gregg to whom he was married married married married for six years, and well okay uh was also also also also married to Michiko Nogami (a language instructor okay okay okay okay I mean well based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy tetralogy tetralogy tetralogy of um um I mean Fallot (TOF), that will require him him him him to undergo at least three well uh so open open open open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' 'sklavos' 'sklavos' 'sklavos' you know okay um and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine jacques Mesrine jacques Mesrine jacques Mesrine (; (; (; (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 I mean okay like like like like ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was it was it was it was was was was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos like okay well wear wear wear wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the uh um um um um uh reason behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, in Edmonton, it is briefly briefly briefly briefly concurrent with freeway sections of well well okay Highways Highways Highways Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was the the the the uh so well principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, scene, scene, scene, mostly known okay I mean I mean as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve members achieve members achieve members achieve bronze, bronze, bronze, bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic awards -- um uh okay okay okay okay platinum is achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is is is is so okay you know a legal term for a a a a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss like you know I mean entrepreneur Denis Naville, who who who who focused on improving comfort, design, uh um I mean performance, and and and and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston the Weston the Weston the Weston Weston Weston Weston Boys Ski Team has won the I mean um uh 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently um um um um well uh in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by by by by Khulusi were: like okay you know the Irish Irish Irish Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron uh you you you you know well Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known known known known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the I mean mean mean mean so you know loss of 58 lives and another 37 died died died died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by founded by founded by founded by its former former former former President, Jeff Jarrett, and well I mean well former former former former CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor nor nor nor the power okay you know like of the 76 mm mm mm mm main gun of a KV so uh like - - - - 1, and the narrower track width of I mean well well well well like the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws laws laws laws than so you know you know chemical formulations, and and and and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic metabolic metabolic metabolic changes seen during so so I mean fasting, which had had had had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 1856 1856 1856 -- you know so so May 23, 1920) was an an an an Austro - Hungarian field marshal who well okay okay okay okay um was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, results, results, results, like uh uh such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and and and and / okay like so or litigation reason, those with with with with experience in the field um okay well make detailed plans plans plans plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, in 1971, in 1971, in 1971, Company A A A A (Niagara Falls) and Company okay like you know B B B B (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an well well well well I mean like American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early so so so so you know so October and peace between Poland and and and and Sweden could be um I mean okay established in November November November November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding also understanding also understanding also understanding the dangerous nature nature nature nature of their employer, he uh I mean um keeps keeps keeps keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself okay okay okay okay okay you know lest he meet a similarly unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate accident; in return well like I mean for his silence Dan Dan Dan Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the the the the um okay um nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received he received he received he received his Master of of of of Electrical Engineering degree so you know um at Chalmers Chalmers Chalmers Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in um uh well well well well 1962 and a Ph. D. At d. At d d d d. At d. At the Royal Institute of well you know know know know well Technology in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more like like like like I mean well recently there has been a a a a push towards so well well other types of capture molecules which which which which are more I mean so like similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had had had had 42 okay okay I mean players drafted in the National National National National Basketball Association (NBA) while okay um well the women's women's women's women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died nina died nina died nina died in in in in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into like like like like okay like ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and and and and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel novel novel novel um so um of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should should should should get I mean so you know involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the the the the 15th (Scottish) well well like Division, and despite navigation mistakes mistakes mistakes mistakes which slowed down the 159th Infantry um you you you you know you know brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and and and and Phil Wigger I mean uh okay as the writers of of of of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm okay so okay okay okay okay Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - you know know know know you know so year - long stay in Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, he underwent secondary I mean like you know questioning, but but but but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is he is he is he is best best best best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With I mean uh well well well well Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted posted posted posted a 3 you know I mean like. 73 ERA in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, a 3. 84 ERA in um uh okay 2012, a a a a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words words words words into okay I mean um the phone, which convinces convinces convinces convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel okay well well well well well the two sides; if the guest had received received received received an 'empty like you know well door,' a taped response response response response from the second person was um um I mean aired, aired, aired, aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman superhuman superhuman superhuman strength; well I mean like endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself itself itself itself in okay okay like the uterus can cause cause cause cause entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled so um um um um well to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or or or or Youth I mean um so for Change and Action) is is is is aimed at reducing HIV transmission you know uh well well well well among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change in in in in um you know like young men men men men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s were were were were a mixed time for Napoli, they um like uh were were were were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Santos okay well you know and Cabo Valdivia use use use use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other unlike other unlike other unlike other large cities, cities, cities, cities, Washington's downtown has a uh you know so very low low low low skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents you know know know know so you know were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, um um um um um I mean but was later waived by by by by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been well well well well well so with the school before it was built built built built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments okay okay okay okay well um in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th 12th 12th 12th so I mean uh century, there were opportunities for for for for female education in okay okay I mean the medieval Islamic Islamic Islamic Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and you you you you know um well resumned his practice; he was active in in in in organizing the Republican um okay uh Party in the the the the state, and was appointed the chair of um well you you you you know a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break uh uh uh uh well well of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a so so so so you know um role as a commentator on motor sport, sport, sport, sport, first at SBS I mean uh I mean TV then then then then on the Nine Network with Darrell so you know like like like like Eastlake, then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon so so so so like well without T - mat, those responsible for for for for the you know uh you know system turn to to to to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately um um um um I mean I mean building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was stevens was stevens was stevens was Senate President four four four four four terms, from 2009 you know uh you know to to to to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, divisions, divisions, divisions, um uh okay composed of 777, 000 French troops troops troops troops and 47, 000 like like uh colonial troops, organized into into into into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and and and and is uh you know okay a part of Palm Palm Palm Palm Beach County School District, and so um like the the the the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United um um um um you know um States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) honors) honors) honors) like uh um and there is an entrance examination required required required required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , , , , 936 F like like I mean. 2d 692 2d 2d 2d 2d 692 2d 692 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), 1991), 1991), 1991), a contract case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), you know uh okay causing them to continue running in in in in Abe's direction and they uh okay so will only calm down down down down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of uh uh uh uh okay okay the race of creatures responsible for creating creating creating creating the you know like well fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and and and and um um you know 1. 8 - litre and 2 2 2 2. 0 - litre you know uh like injection gasoline engines; engines; engines; engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed uh um um um um um from 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost My Heart Heart Heart Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes you know know know know okay um cited as '(I Lost My Heart to to to to a) Starship I mean you know okay Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable notable notable notable I mean like uh as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 July, Hogg's Hogg's Hogg's Hogg's naked body was found discarded so well uh in in in in a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: uh like like like like I mean a distance of from where she had been been been been abducted, so you know so and just 24 miles from from from from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship championship championship championship club Nottingham um okay like Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, and uh uh uh uh okay you know the March of Dimes provides grants of of of of $ 1, 000 for uh I mean um local chapters chapters chapters chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted convicted convicted convicted of so like uh 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine clandestine clandestine clandestine radio was found in so so like the camp, camp, camp, camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the uh uh um um um um town, Frodsham School, a science and technology college, um uh uh uh uh like has now closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived she survived she survived she survived the war war war war and continued in service with um so so the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are well well well well so um ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, Church, Church, Church, most of whom like I mean well converted to to to to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 12 12 12 like so well 1899) was the favorite grandson of of of of Cornelius Vanderbilt, um you know I mean who left left left left him $ 5 million, and the I mean I mean mean mean mean like eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring I mean so so so so well facial muscular movements that created facial expressions expressions expressions expressions while you know like so also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had had had had moved uh I mean you know close to the front, ready to to to to exploit a breakthrough okay uh so and had had had had advanced on time, then bunched up with the the the the leading well you know you know divisions, blocked blocked blocked blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the after the after the after the the the the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the 1960s, you you you you know well I mean nearby parks, Hardin Square and and and and Stanford Park, were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should 'Wilson should 'Wilson should 'Wilson should extend his his his his stint on The Voice to renew you know so so so so so public interest in the band; given that they're they're they're they're pulling like okay um out all the stops, they they they they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, on Atlantis, on Atlantis, on Atlantis, the city city city city shield is retracted I mean okay okay to the central central central central tower and a team led by Zelenka I mean mean mean mean okay uh works to repair the hyperdrive conduits to make make make make them functional I mean well so before the city's power power power power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to to to to purchase, uh I mean I mean or finance a property, property, property, property, with the buyer / investor using uh uh uh as little little little little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 through 2010 through 2010 through 2010 and and and and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at so like okay South South South South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 so uh uh uh uh uh touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the the the the Gamecocks he um you know okay set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of you know know know know like you know the Izmir Resurrection Church who was was was was imprisoned on 7 October okay well okay 2016, where he stands stands stands stands accused of being a member of the you know like uh uh uh uh Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 uh uh uh uh well so million tons, it is located in in in in two main sites, in like okay uh northern Marseille from from from from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos - uh uh uh uh uh you know sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the previously, the previously, the previously, the airport was served served served served by American Airlines which offered direct okay I mean um flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are terminators are terminators are terminators are able to to to to carry a variety of weapons into okay uh uh uh uh so combat, although the most popular choice is a storm storm storm storm um uh uh bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived he lived he lived he lived lived lived lived with his single mother in 1979, so I mean I I I I mean dropped out of Frank Lucas High School over his his his his inability to so okay you know dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is is is is an well uh so English football manager who was also also also also a player, notably at well I mean uh Derby Derby Derby Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - REE REE REE REE uh well okay - yah) is located in in in in the central Matale District of so um uh the the the the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area okay you you you you know well dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states states states states of uh I mean like Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a within a within a within a year year year year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow Labour um well you you you you know majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats defeats defeats defeats okay I mean okay and in order to remain in power, power, power, power, Labour formed you know well like the Lib - - - - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director Director Director Director of the 'Institute so you know so of Western Western Western Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga okay okay okay okay like um County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release following release following release following release of the the the the petition, he was able to escape uh so well from Iran Iran Iran Iran to the United States, where he currently you you you you know okay like travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled filled filled filled on August uh um like 19, 2013 after the House began began began began its second ordinary session: okay okay well so - and - - - - so replaced Ferrer for representative at I mean I mean mean mean mean I mean - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del Del Del Del Favero, uh well okay Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and and and and Peter Weibel developed through the you know know know know so uh iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The The The The University so like so of New South Wales Wales Wales Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related related related related Tigre language, I mean um so which is spoken spoken spoken spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent uh uh uh uh like uh Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 in 1960 in 1960 in 1960 it it it it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad uh I mean okay to to to to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin dany Sabourin dany Sabourin dany Sabourin ( born born born born September 2, 1980 in Val d'Or, um like uh Quebec Quebec Quebec Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie goalie goalie goalie you know so so who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently currently currently currently being held okay you know okay in Australia and and and and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not contain uh uh uh uh like well any information about the person to whom whom whom whom it is assigned i you know well I mean. E E E E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he he he he ran alongside you know um I mean regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement settlement settlement settlement Eszterháza okay so well near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern southwestern southwestern southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does um uh um not exist anymore and and and and is not to be confused well you know know know know like with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about okay okay okay okay well um the operation and agrees with Ty to to to to get so like um the fuse Mike removed from from from from the engine but well well um is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses well you you you you know well a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical classical classical classical works on like I mean uh Jewish themes and and and and songs of many countries but specializes in Yiddish uh uh uh uh well okay folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her her her her 11th um you know you know grade, her father father father father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much to to to to I mean like okay the worry of Leo) and relish in in in in their new evil powers when so okay like like like like a shape - shifting warlock and demonic priestess trick trick trick trick Prue uh well um into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 I I I I mean you know you know signed a truce truce truce truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen you know um um um um you know - SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a a a a Doctor of so well uh Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight eyesight eyesight eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah (Sarah (Sarah (Sarah Hyland) uh I mean um around the campfire one one one one night, which causes Claire like you know like like like like (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and and and and so like uh Stuart Mullins, a one - night stand; stand; stand; stand; she is brought you know so so up up up up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented um um um um um okay in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good so so so so okay you know nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in in in in the North African Campaign like um so and ended ended ended ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking control of of of of the uh well like Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of of of of bomb well okay so making material and newspaper articles about about about about LTTE bombings in you know like I mean Sri Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Acre, Acre, Acre, so so I mean Westminster, the third son of of of of John Horne, a poulterer in like you know okay Newport Newport Newport Newport Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager manager manager manager for okay well um three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles - area projects for okay okay um which he helped helped helped helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - blocks I mean mean mean mean well okay used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is it is it is it is located adjacent to to to to the grounds of the Pro so I mean mean mean mean well Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football Football Football Football Hall like you know so of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums like like like like um like of original material and he went on on on on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began construction began construction began construction began on widening widening widening widening the highway in April 2008, and well well well well well um in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name I I I I mean I mean uh Hell's Gate, is the first first first first town one reaches on the so okay um Caribbean island island island island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University oxford University oxford University oxford University then then then then made 319 all out in their well like so so so so second - innings, setting the Minor Counties a target um well well well well uh of 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to to to to I mean like okay make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that that that that an you know well okay actual NWA - affiliated promotion promotion promotion promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared so like well on on on on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left left left left his a like okay I mean corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that you you you you know I mean I mean they believed the defense's defense's defense's defense's case, and that the well okay so prosecution prosecution prosecution prosecution had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, his father, his father, his father, Khan Khan Khan Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in okay I mean mean mean mean so British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year year year year well you know I mean from December 26 to January January January January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from from from from I mean um so 30 to 40 days and the litter litter litter litter size can vary uh well like between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, 1966, 1966, 1966, um like well and the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an an an an intermediate well so um - rail, automated automated automated automated guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, uh okay okay okay okay you know released in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), well well well well I mean okay with a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars many scholars many scholars many scholars believe believe believe believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated version so you know know know know uh of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works works works works are similair I mean um well in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc uh uh uh uh okay well (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Louisiana, the I mean you know so grandson grandson grandson grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that that that that 20 COPE MPs uh uh um had defected to to to to other parties due to internal conflict, including um um like the the the the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project project project project by Jello Biafra, you know well well Alain Jourgensen, Paul Paul Paul Paul Barker, and the late um uh well Jeff Ward, the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had you you you you know uh okay been preparing defenses for the attack, the the the the operation would well like so clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, Ringsend, Ringsend, Ringsend, is a um uh okay statue of Our Lady, overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking the canal, uh okay so donated by Patrick and Martins Martins Martins Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, like um well who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the uh like like like like um medical aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social social social social uh well uh and economic factors contributing to health, working working working working with like um like community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from distinguished from other species species species species by an interbrachial septum lacking uh you know like a foramen, foramen, foramen, foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often maculatus' often maculatus' often maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story the story the story the story starts in medias medias medias medias res, as Van Helsing is you know I mean well well well well jumping into action through a window, showing a woman woman woman woman is I mean so well floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant was the uh I mean you know only known known known known surviving XMC cruiser though a large um well you know know know know number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt revolt revolt revolt like so well against Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the uh okay like major major major major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - - - - squeak the so well well Martian allows allows allows allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in like like I mean mean mean mean yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such such such such so so uh as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, Opiliones, Opiliones, Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league I mean mean mean mean like like footballer who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and and and and 1980s, playing well so uh at representative level for for for for England, and at club level for well okay like like like like Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina that was um I mean so listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for for for for like like I mean the army approaching despite rain rain rain rain in the north, the family longs like I I I I mean uh to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total of of of of you know like well anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she um like like like like um will be released later than Tim Vrågård even so so so so like well though the sentences might not change as her her her her sentence does not like like I mean start start start start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the okay okay okay okay okay okay Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the moreover, the moreover, the moreover, the the the the knowledge that we have of the forms um um um um uh like -- when indeed we do have have have have it -- is of I mean uh like a higher higher higher higher order than knowledge of the mere physical okay well well well well uh world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was a member of of of of the Kōchikai faction of the um so uh Liberal Democratic Party, Party, Party, Party, which later split from Koichi okay um so Kato, the the the the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new new new new okay I mean well cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of okay okay okay okay well okay Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and and and and Joseph B you know well you know know know know. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after achieving uh you you you you know well the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in later in later in later in life during during during during the 1970s he taught like um you you you you know Physical Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and and and and took okay okay you know up a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai narain roy roy roy roy well - known as dr okay like I mean. U. N N N N. Roy, settled and spent his life here carring uh so so so so like out researches in ancient history. His historical work on on on on salabhanjika titled like okay um salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy Philosophy Philosophy Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as as as as property presentation you know well so or property styling, the the the the techniques have been televised by like uh uh home stylist stylist stylist stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college college college college campus I mean I mean so are on the the the the National Register of Historic Places and are maintained maintained maintained maintained uh you know okay by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering well um okay okay okay okay ( Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz like so so so so uh Kids' ), builders of the famous consecutive (1953 (1953 (1953 (1953 - I mean okay so 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east east east east Victoria, um so uh Australia, located approximately 45km south - - - - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya faliya faliya faliya. Worship so I mean so doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, was the well I mean I mean second - - - - highest - selling album of that year, uh uh uh uh so I mean and their biggest chart hit since since since since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De zhu De zhu De zhu De De De De became the commander of the Eighth like well well well well like Route Army active in Shanxi and was named the the the the vice-commander of I mean so um the Second War War War War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some um um um um um uh inexpensive wireless microphones sold as toys toys toys toys for karaoke or similar I mean uh you know purposes, purposes, purposes, purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio uh so so so so uh as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Sergipe, Sergipe, Sergipe, Brazil, like um like located in the northeastern part of of of of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has he has he has he has done done done done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and like like like like well so is an in demand harmonica and piano piano piano piano teacher in NYC well uh uh. Yvonnick Yvonnick Yvonnick Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at at at at the um um okay Juilliard School under the tutelage tutelage tutelage tutelage of John Houseman, before relocating to well okay like Los Los Los Los Angeles, California to further pursue her career; during during during during you know like like this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta was well like I mean appointed as Spain's Spain's Spain's Spain's King of Arms by King Juan Carlos I; so okay okay okay okay so he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of of of of this well um well game, and with the scores scores scores scores 1 - 0 he wrongly okay you know I mean mean mean mean sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled okay okay okay okay so well in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of of of of its closure I mean you know you know know know know will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until uh like like like like you know the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long long long long uh okay uh landing field and an apron with with with with a capacity of seven aircraft, um you know well well well well and, although the runway is long enough for large large large large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let the let the let the let - - - - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love Letters', where well like okay he develops a crush on on on on Garnet before he was I mean okay uh turned down, down, down, down, and appears once again in 'Historical you know um like like like like Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner okay okay okay okay so um Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to to to to him um so you know and his family being sent to to to to Jerusalem where he you know um like learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house the house the house the house was built built built built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the well well so so so so operating system for malloc and other software with its own own own own like um so versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which which which which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian computer computer computer computer scientist, uh uh well a professor of computer computer computer computer science at the University of Waterloo, well uh um Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of uh uh uh uh so well Argentine football in 2000, he played for four four four four different clubs like you know so in the regionalised 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of of of of you know like okay equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, possible, possible, possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body the body the body the body is elongated, spindle - - - - shaped and tapered at um so like two ends; ends; ends; ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the the the the MARTA well uh um rail system near Fort McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, McPherson, which is slated so you know so to be be be be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was leweck was leweck was leweck leweck leweck leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed with with with with uh um I mean a serious fault with a heart valve, which which which which cost him a okay you know like chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and and and and there is like you know okay normally a baked baked baked baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - - - - toothed snake so um I mean as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 locomotive of of of of okay okay so the USRA standard Mikado type, type, type, type, inherited from Japan, and is so you know I I I I mean coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable of of of of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and well well well well you know uh hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of of of of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an an an an American mixed I mean so like martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was was was was so I mean you know made, made, made, made, but the only member of the band featured was Amos well well well well okay I mean since by then, unable to withstand pressure from from from from Atlantic uh okay okay Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive Drive Drive Drive made with uh um you know their long time friend friend friend friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, okay well you know who has has has has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating beating beating beating well I mean so Cliff Thorburn 13 - 8 in in in in which the final okay like uh was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 I I I I mean well so Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will will will will be um I mean well held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free free free free the like well so captives, which resulted in in in in the Battle of Magdala, during okay like I mean which which which which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol pistol pistol pistol I mean uh um previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of okay like like like like I mean India, the Indian National Congress was supported by many many many many Muslim okay well uh scholars, leaders and the learned who who who who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi indira Gandhi indira Gandhi indira Gandhi National Centre Centre Centre Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) uh okay uh (Devanagari: (Devanagari: (Devanagari: (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier government funded so so so so well like arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP so so so so well I mean students to earn an M. B B B B. , B. S like so you know. Degree. Professor Professor Professor Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a a a a regular within um well so the squad and soon soon soon soon receive a call - okay okay um up to the the the the Chinese under - 20 team's squad so like like like like so in July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The suetonius, The suetonius, The suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Caesars, Caesars, Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 In uh so okay Appian's Appian's Appian's Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland Holland Holland Holland moved well like so on to an NFL coaching career, career, career, career, beginning his coaching I mean okay you know career career career career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts these converts these converts these converts to Catholicism Catholicism Catholicism Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came you know I I I I mean I mean to live in the New New New New World where they intermarried I mean I mean like with with with with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at like like like like well like Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, Kitchen, Kitchen, Kitchen, he so like uh also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of of of of you know like uh horizontal layers, but the strata has has has has been tilted you know like you know associated with with with with the formation of Artillery Mountains, and well okay um um um um millennia of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and so um um um um um not only goes to the fair, but later on on on on like uh so that night kisses and eventually makes makes makes makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area the area the area the area of of of of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was you know I I I I mean you know first settled when the train station was was was was settled around and uh so so named after after after after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in well well well well um okay Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was was was was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, for example, for example, for example, the proverb' proverb' proverb' proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' I mean well okay It is a good good good good day to die ') is illustrated you know uh uh with with with with a story explaining that' This is an extremely uh uh uh uh so uh common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used used used used well uh you know to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree well so so so so um from the University of Chicago in 1965 1965 1965 1965 and you know okay okay has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon elwood soon elwood soon elwood soon soon soon soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which okay okay okay okay okay uh David was born and holds a a a a deed is now home you know well you know to a a a a strategic military base, and if David is you know know know know okay so declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily so so so so okay well African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, in response, in response, in response, a a a a town meeting is held to decide a so so like like like like course of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / aCDI / aCDI / aCDI / VOCA VOCA VOCA VOCA receives funding from various donors, uh well uh including including including including USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank Bank Bank Bank well um you know for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by so well okay okay okay okay Emonzaemon who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers like like like like uh so a nervous breakdown at the car wash wash wash wash in front so like I mean of Marie (Betsy Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster (born uh uh well 24 October 1974 in London), is is is is the only well um like son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated elevated elevated elevated pedestrian okay um um walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that that that that connects the Music uh um like Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of like well uh America, America, America, America, Inc. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 65 65 65 uh you know like real estate offices and and and and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately you you you you know okay uh 16 Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a um I mean mean mean mean um compound in the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good well well well well so you know friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins begins begins begins at um you know you know an intersection with LA LA LA LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven seven seven seven goals, I mean okay like which highlighted the the the the main factor between the relative um I I I I mean so success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet so uh so so so so in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately there is uh so um a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited he recruited he recruited he recruited his his his his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy like okay I I I I mean of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom Atom Atom Atom Willard okay um uh and bassist Ryan Sinn Sinn Sinn Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who were primarily like well well well well like inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October on October on October on October October October October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released um well uh uh uh uh a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also well you you you you know so pairing this holiday film with 'White 'White 'White 'White Christmas' as part of the you know okay I mean mean mean mean 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations Relations Relations Relations from American I mean so well University's School of of of of International Service (SIS) in 1984; okay well like and, she she she she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the like I I I I mean like University of Oslo is named Ole Ole Ole Ole Johan Dahl's House, uh okay I mean in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke well well well well so okay of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the the the the I mean okay uh Régent of France for Louis Louis Louis Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention okay okay okay okay um like of director David Fincher, who subsequently cast cast cast cast Perry in okay so well his 2014 thriller 'Gone 'Gone 'Gone 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - um um um um well you know Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in in in in you know uh so the factory for 15 years, yet yet yet yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was young was young was young was raised as the son son son son of Fokke Jan uh I mean um de Jong Jong Jong Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline offline offline offline uh um um on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts efforts efforts efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect architect architect architect Thomas uh okay you know Fuller, who would leave leave leave leave England in 1845 for Antigua and then like like like like okay like Canada where he would go on to to to to design the um you know okay Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at at at at his well well I mean performance media company Socialist Socialist Socialist Socialist were being approached by small business like um so so so so community members and were unable to help, as their okay okay okay okay uh like pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by by by by okay like um hand with ice cream; instead, they make make make make shakes in automatic milkshake um well okay machines which freeze and and and and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer (born April April April April 30, 1967) is an American football I mean so so so so like coach and former player who is the offensive offensive offensive offensive like I mean um line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 A10 A10 A10 okay so uh in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, Iowa, Iowa, Iowa, on so so so 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban k.' Subban k.' Subban k' k' k' k'. Subban (born May um you know you know 13, 13, 13, 13, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who who who who is I mean um well currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering um well well well well you know the city of Liverpool and covers the northeast so uh uh uh uh well of the city, including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is so so so so okay like currently a deputy in the European Parliament, Parliament, Parliament, Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th the 18th the 18th the 18th Flight Flight Flight Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field test well well well well well uh agency of the Air Force Special Operations Command Command Command Command located like so um at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through through through through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the you know um um um um I mean northernmost in Scotland by only half a a a a um uh you know mile, the distillery has has has has one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer uh like like like like um / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park Park Park Park had I mean um so some bright The carousel was was was was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel um well um Crest, Crest, Crest, Crest, Illinois, studied anthropology at the University of Iowa okay okay okay okay so you know where he attended on an Army ROTC ROTC ROTC ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album the album the album the album album album album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry I I I I mean well okay (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and and and and had sold 103, uh I mean well 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall wall wall wall uh I mean like stones, two aligned along an an an an east - westerly axis and the so I mean so other other other other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis okay you you you you know like on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / so okay okay okay okay uh romantic relationship in the past, but he um okay okay okay okay um did want to marry her into a relationship that that that that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used um um um um um okay as a substitute for Composition B in large general general general general um I mean you know purpose and fragmentation bombs, bombs, bombs, bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North in North in North in North American American American American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, I mean uh uh uh uh uh though this name has fallen out of favour, favour, favour, favour, and some I mean uh I mean biologists feared feared feared feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the on the on the on the occasion of of of of coronation, special coins were minted, I mean like like a a a a gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles miles miles miles south well I mean well of Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, A9, A9, A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang Ang Ang Ang uh I mean you know Phu were unable unable unable unable to return to Base Four I mean well uh uh uh uh before dark and were forced to spend okay um um um um uh the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for for for for um I mean so troops among loyal lords, and and and and managed to get 500, but uh um you know know know know overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, well well well well well um the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the like like like like so well adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit Pikit Pikit Pikit and Matalam majority uh well okay of the the the the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents her parents her parents her parents wanted wanted wanted wanted her to attend University of Dayton but okay well well well well okay after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright Wright Wright Wright State of well uh well OHIO out of high school, she she she she achieved a scholarship okay I mean I mean to attend attend attend attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a um you you you you know you know song by Canadian singer Shania Twain, Twain, Twain, Twain, it was the tenth uh like like single released to country country country country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and its like uh um um um um special defense is above - average, making this a a a a good you know um okay Normal - type type type type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced he convinced he convinced he convinced Amondson to to to to seek the nomination of his faction um um um um um I mean of the Prohibition Party, which split over over over over perennial presidential nominee Earl well you know you know Dodge's Dodge's Dodge's Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he well well you you you you know was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media media media media coverage; like like well another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I 'I 'I 'I Don't Care if the Sun Sun Sun Sun Don't Shine' um so okay is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her her her her you know you know well image; but, instead of helping her, her, her, her, Lloyd cast her well like okay as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, round, round, round, uh I mean um which was judged a a a a split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris uh uh uh uh okay you know he and Weigel accepted an invitation from from from from journalist uh okay you know and author Karin Karin Karin Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where uh you know uh uh uh uh they settled in a house on the small island island island island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package package package package where okay okay um lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back back back back many hundreds of you know so I mean years years years years it was greatly transformed in the 19th century by by by by I mean you know I mean the Poynder family who who who who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb and and and and uh well um Karlovac, containing mere of the structures structures structures structures as the section so well um is situated in a a a a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the in the in the in the late 1950s, Davis Davis Davis Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing with Muddy well you know know know know like Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during which time time time time he okay okay you know recorded a session for for for for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before uh uh uh uh okay um the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced forced forced forced to like well uh modify the rules for vending of of of of alcoholic beverages for like uh uh the 2006 festival festival festival festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census so so so so like um and was drawn so as to to to to balance registered Republicans so um well and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J J J J. Mockridge; I mean you know I mean but in in in in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon and so so I I I I mean Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics uh uh uh uh so um start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) um um um um I mean um is a 2012 American horror film written written written written and directed by uh okay like Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, critics, critics, critics, I mean um uh and according to Nielsen Media Research, Research, Research, Research, the episode so well well was viewed by by 3 3 3 3. 071 like um uh million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as as as as well I mean well officers in the Egyptian Army; Army; Army; Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G I mean mean mean mean I mean you know. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined joined joined joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled an angled an angled an angled tailplane mounted mounted mounted mounted on top of the fuselage had well okay so elevators elevators elevators elevators with a cut - out for rudder movement you you you you know um so and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs pairs pairs pairs of mainwheels uh well okay on axles attached to to to to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from from from from Johor Bahru, okay you know okay Malaysia, and and and and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a you you you you know well so species of dogfish shark in the the the the family Etmopteridae, common you know okay you know know know know over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 WW2 brought an an an an end to production as okay you know like like like like the factory was turned over to produce munitions and like like like like like okay after hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath and so I mean um kept a very low low low low profile and, after many years, he joined I mean I I I I mean um the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got very very very very close to you know I mean so Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption adaption adaption adaption of the like I mean like traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically so you you you you know well speaking they are essentially the same: each noun noun noun noun (or um well well adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter well like okay 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale rickey Dale rickey Dale rickey Dale Dale Dale Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) um well well well well you know was the head coach of the Marshall Marshall Marshall Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places places places places of public so well so amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta uh uh uh uh um like Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team are are are are so like so mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, each year, each year, each year, KHUM undertakes undertakes undertakes undertakes a local Stop The Violence well like um campaign, which which which which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews interviews interviews interviews with like um so experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw okay okay okay okay you know um wide - scale fighting during the the the the first Battle of Smolensk well I mean so when the the the the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that that that that Phil okay like well did not wipe the fingerprints fingerprints fingerprints fingerprints off the items, and so um well Jay believes he he he he will also be implicated, which he is, you know know know know okay like as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were well well well well like um recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a a a a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in like like like like like like the Gifted & Talented class, claiming she she she she so I mean you know was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare rare rare rare species I mean you know you know of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and cormac and cormac and cormac and Darragh immediately immediately immediately immediately formed another band, along with bassist bassist bassist bassist so like like Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban well I mean uh Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head head head head of the park at well I mean so the local local local local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the the the the government or you know well you know going overseas especially especially especially especially to the Middle East and Europe, okay you know know know know well dependence on farming for income has greatly greatly greatly greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by this this this this marriage um okay so she had one daughter, the the the the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish parish parish parish in okay you know like New York City and was was was was designated a landmark I mean so I mean mean mean mean by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would himmler would himmler would himmler would later later later later break with Darré, whom he saw as too too too too well well uh theoretical and he was generally on bad bad bad bad terms with okay um well Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is there is there is there is a good good good good mix of residential properties, approximately okay I mean okay half half half half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could like like like like you know um not) became flustered when the aircraft sank faster faster faster faster than anticipated; okay so like the stink bomb that was was was was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that that that that they you know uh like do not not not not take account of factors such as soil I mean you you you you know uh structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four after four after four after four seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved ready to challenge uh uh uh uh I mean I mean for the European Cup, eliminating eliminating eliminating eliminating teams like Anderlecht and Steaua so uh uh Bucureşti Bucureşti Bucureşti Bucureşti as they reached their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public the public the public the public school school school school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have as as as as okay uh um much as one - third of of of of the floor space so so okay of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as as as as an avid well well you know collector of former racing vehicles, vehicles, vehicles, vehicles, and his coachbuilt I mean uh um Ferrari P4 P4 P4 P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball basketball basketball basketball like like uh player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, okay you you you you know uh and new Dakota pilots received only ad - - - - hoc instruction like okay uh on the type type type type while serving as the co-pilot during uh you know well well well well operational tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the the the the um um I mean cemetery, but a grander destination was was was was planned for the deceased so uh uh chief executive; in the mean mean mean mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became bent became bent became bent became a a a a more peripheral figure in his second like you know you know know know know season at Everton where he was regularly used uh um um um um like as back up for new signing James James James James Beattie in January 2006, like okay you know it was announced announced announced announced that Bent had signed for I mean you know okay okay okay okay Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein protein protein protein you know I mean well involved in the maintenance of of of of circadian rhythms in mammals, uh you know okay and its role role role role in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the the the the okay uh so Upper Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf Golf Golf Golf & Country uh like um Club in Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Crooked Crooked Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, like uh I I I I mean Indiana, and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the so so so so you know so inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when when when when he like um so first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to to to to okay so um instantly jump to that location; however, the the the the mini-map does okay like I mean not initially display display display display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared with with with with okay um like the 1973 versions due to to to to the newly required 5 like um uh - mph absorbing absorbing absorbing absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of uh uh uh uh um so naïve realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the the the the fact that okay like well a majority of the population, population, population, population, who arguably subscribe um I mean so to naïve common common common common sense notions of reality, show um okay so no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with with with with you know you know um the best hand against the last last last last player, but gets I mean well well rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and Beatrice, Beatrice, Beatrice, Beatrice, okay you know you know daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. John B. John B. John B. Ridpath (; (; (; (; born 1936 ) is a like so like Canadian Objectivist intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used used used used um um well by Native Siberians at the time; the the the the breed came so well uh to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec IPSec IPSec IPSec I mean well I mean and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS DNS DNS DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May May May May okay I mean like 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', along along along along with the 'Émile - so you know okay Bertin', Bertin', Bertin', Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that that that that I mean you know um Leia is Luke's twin sister sister sister sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS the single single single single okay I mean you know was named the most played played played played song on Christian radio across you know I I I I mean well Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 1918 1918 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated you know I mean mean mean mean um from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, okay um um um um so and is an affiliate of Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Public Radio, airing uh you know you know know know know JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby suggests that that that that there may have been an uh you know like like like like extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, no, no, no, that Drew uh I mean okay was not wearing wearing wearing wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second grande's second grande's second grande's second studio studio studio studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number you know know know know like you know one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later later later later well okay so gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare like like like like so well notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being like like like like uh uh the first to adopt the council council council council - manager okay so uh form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after shortly after shortly after shortly after college, college, college, college, Powers began his professional career um um well for for for for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central uh uh uh uh well I mean Hockey League (CHL), and was recognized recognized recognized recognized for his on and well uh I mean mean mean mean off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical physical physical physical layer standard you know um like and like its its its its sister specification (DVB - H) uses the uh well uh uh uh uh DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has tMC has tMC has tMC has a a a a medical staff of over 1, 000 physicians um so I mean mean mean mean complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city city city city is uh I mean okay $ 36, 900, and and and and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based based based based on I mean like uh cooperation on many issues in in in in international forums, a strong commitment uh so like to to to to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri the Lehri the Lehri the Lehri are are are are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple temple temple temple in well so so the middle of the performing performing performing performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre Centre Centre Centre run like okay um by the London Borough of Ealing, the the the the Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was um um um um well well secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 1901 1901 1901 to 1907, and well well you know first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, in 1789, in 1789, in 1789, 1789, 1789, 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in like um um size size size size by splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was like like like like well like reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate uh I mean I mean assets under management of of of of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer executive producer executive producer executive executive executive executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for uh uh uh uh uh so the original arc was about Jane Doe's Doe's Doe's Doe's inner life, uh I mean I mean struggling to get get get get out of the situation she is trapped in, in, in, in, noting well okay so that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from um you you you you know you know the Turks during the Russo - Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish War in 1877, so uh you know when it was incorporated incorporated incorporated incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, you know well okay okay okay okay and it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV TV TV TV starting in like uh well 1957, which later later later later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April in April in April in April he stretch stretch stretch stretch out to a mile and one um um I I I I mean eighth and finished second again, this time to to to to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became like like like like well like Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during so so so so so well the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with with with with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by by by by the like so okay Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after after after after departing the depot travelled well okay you know along along along along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 people formed formed formed formed a rally at the CNN center you know um um um um uh in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for for for for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the um um um um like um Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a a a a fictional character well um okay portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form the form the form the the the the form of the trade was bartering, especially active so okay okay okay okay I mean between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints uh well well well well well rolled in one minute is actually a a a a 15 year uh well so old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled rolled rolled rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton skeleton skeleton skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population the population the population the population was 12, 124 124 124 124 at the 2000 I mean um okay census, census, census, census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 in 1917 in 1917 in 1917 the the the the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers um well well well well well of the World miners' strike which led to over over over over 1000 like uh okay miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he so so so so uh I mean gets the courage to ask if if if if he can see okay well well her again and and and and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed Hayseed Hayseed Hayseed Dixie, um uh like a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air like like like like I mean well pollution until she left the school school school school in 1977, um um uh becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, Region, Region, Region, as well as several um you know I mean high ranking ranking ranking ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured featured featured featured like you know well on the soundtrack for for for for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing well I mean so Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music there music there there there there music there music is well um you know know know know also featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog okay okay okay okay okay I mean Fancier' contained notes and display ads ads ads ads from McEvoy and okay okay okay Aldrich offering their dogs for for for for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great Great Great Great like well well War, August 1914 she arrived back in in in in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became I mean mean mean mean okay like Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived so uh uh uh uh well except in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed sailed sailed sailed for the you know I mean so Persian Gulf in in in in support of Operations Desert Shield okay I mean like / / / / Desert Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker banker banker banker uh like well and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved uh uh uh uh you know you know for Natives under the terms terms terms terms of the Crown well you know well - in in in in - right - of - Quebec, hunting, okay well well well well well fishing and trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer you you you you know you know um to an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, Bewilderbeast, Bewilderbeast, Bewilderbeast, who can control um okay so all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West you know know know know like so Glamorgan Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine to be I I I I mean okay I mean brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport I mean mean mean mean okay you know or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and and and and international airport serving you know okay well Bangalore, Bangalore, Bangalore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a defunct airport, well well well well well I mean which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the uh so like like like like Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are are are are I mean like you know of Anglo - Saxon origin, origin, origin, origin, although in some cases um uh uh the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were I I I I mean like I mean required as a Weatherman, did put put put put a bit of a strain on her uh okay okay okay okay like relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, in flashback, in flashback, in flashback, it is is is is shown that he was part of you know know know know uh you know Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston Preston Preston Preston uh um um and is based in the the the the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be be be be okay okay um simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, was first broadcast well um like in January 2006 and consisted consisted consisted consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by okay uh um um um um A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer outer outer outer you know I mean um - shell and 100 100 100 100 % down proof nylon lining, and like well you know are are are are down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with with with with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and um so so so so like sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in in in in you know I mean so 1887, and while some some some some believed he used it to like okay so pursue pursue pursue pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist okay okay okay okay you know I mean from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, county, county, county, Virginia: she so I mean so is best known for her her her her work as an like so like abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area area area area like well okay across the international border in the United States, States, States, States, okay like uh and therefore is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in you you you you know uh you know 1986 when he created a a a a new society to um uh so invite invite invite invite the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after um uh uh uh uh you know the International Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming deeming deeming deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and you you you you know um like early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their their their their constitutions and like I mean like electoral rules to to to to disfranchise blacks and, having regained political so um you you you you know power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - uh uh uh uh uh I mean Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as as as as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to to to to community development, allowing I mean uh um cocoa farmers to to to to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, I mean you you you you know well bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and like like like like I mean like assess sites of disasters in the world, world, world, world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, although I I I I mean like well on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was was was was transferred to so uh you know Italy and most most most most of the unit, including aircraft and with I I I I mean okay okay Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the the the the meeting place well I mean I mean for young artists artists artists artists but by the end of the war I mean mean mean mean uh um the Futurist movement was showing signs signs signs signs ofUnited States and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the on the on the on the the the the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on 40pm on on on on 40pm on 40pm on I mean I mean like the the the the westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and uh uh so so so so Histon an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of of of of India uh like um in 1947, but desiring desiring desiring desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated you know know know know I mean well with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, I mean um I mean however, Tiatto performed well well well well for the struggling club, and won you know I mean mean mean mean okay Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to to to to deploy to I mean so I mean a remote remote remote remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - um so um 29' 29' 29' 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is is is is like like okay an Act of the Parliament of the the the the United Kingdom like I mean you know intended to to to to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' Hunters' Hunters' Hunters' was um well so released in Fall 1985, and details details details details Ayla's personal growth well I mean um as she she she she learns to cope with a society of you know uh uh uh uh like widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite otaheite otaheite otaheite cashew, like uh well 'Syzygium malaccense' is not not not not related to cashew -- okay you know um an an an an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not okay I I I I mean uh cashew fruits) may trigger allergic reactions reactions reactions reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and in in in in you know um so 1921 he became Principal Private Private Private Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in uh uh uh uh like like order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent Talent Talent Talent you know okay like trainsets which, along with the 2 extra extra extra extra passing uh um uh loops, will double the number number number number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts so so so so um uh in Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between between between between 1891 and 1901 I mean um well and was entitled entitled entitled entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues he argues he argues he argues that because paper paper paper paper companies have incentives to replenish well uh you know their their their their forests, large demands for paper lead to large forests, forests, forests, forests, okay well uh while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners miners miners miners uh um you know that continued to work in in in in the American Canyon, uh like uh but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the the the the plane uh well you know of Zendikar that uses the the the the raw energy of so well you know her own own own own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and and and and were like like I mean joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, Donegall, Donegall, Donegall, LVO so uh like (18 April 1916 -- 19 April April April April 2007) was the second son you know like you know know know know of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' well I mean mean mean mean like Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel Channel Channel Channel One and like um so played by The Roots Roots Roots Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 you you you you know so so - credit liberal arts courses at at at at Harvard with I mean I mean like at least a B B B B grade, and maintain a minimum I mean okay so 3 3 3 3. 0 cumulative 0cumulative 0cumulative 0cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de like uh uh uh uh um Ávila, Cuba) is a Cuban - American American American American actress best known uh I mean uh for her portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on so I mean mean mean mean so the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people people people people okay I mean I mean and there was widespread widespread widespread widespread sadness at his death; he you know I I I I mean okay was a popular player with both both both both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is you know I mean mean mean mean well currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore mineral ore mineral ore mineral ore could could could could now be brought relatively conveniently to market; well I I I I mean well this not only brought about transfer of the the the the transportation from well I mean okay other routes to the canal, canal, canal, canal, but it encouraged further um I mean like exploration and and and and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented implemented implemented implemented like uh I mean the Group Mediclaim Policy for the the the the needy 22, I mean so so 450 families in Ghatkopar, covering covering covering covering people, having a um like like sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated relocated relocated relocated to I mean well you know Whitesboro, Texas, he he he he chose to remain remain in Indian so so so so you know so Territory, where he supported himself himself himself himself by working a you know you know so variety of of of of odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) you know I mean mean mean mean well is the son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and and and and two large okay like okay areas either side for for for for storing luggage they were like you know um a very versatile versatile versatile versatile type of coach and could uh well okay be found found found found all over the British Railways network and some um so so so so uh are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates suffocates suffocates suffocates him okay you know well as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based based based based um you know like sandwich from the 1970s and and and and early 1980s of the okay okay okay same name which which which which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to to to to you know you know okay the British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died berdella died berdella died berdella died of a heart heart heart heart attack in 1992 at um you know okay Jefferson City City City City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister I mean well well well well I mean claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as okay you know know know know so 'Amy Winehouse meets Lily Allen', a description she's I I I I mean like uh very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a a a a paper like you know I mean - and and and and - pencil test; since January 27, 2007, however, I I I I mean well so all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured he toured he toured he toured with with with with Dead Can Dance in the I mean uh well well well well nineties but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he he he he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section like like like like like so between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to to to to the I mean I mean uh United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter so so so so like I mean was the most famous, after being being being being fired from the Our like like uh Gang series Harry Harry Harry Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic City N you you you you know you know well. J. Where he where where where where he where he where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 216 216 216 Maintenance Unit okay uh okay RAF, the site site site site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went okay so you you you you know on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound um um um um I mean um that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, Montclair, Montclair, Montclair, okay so I mean New Jersey) is an American American American American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified well you know know know know uh as a machine gun by the United United United United States you know well uh and are regulated as such such such such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long been I I I I mean you know I mean an outspoken critic of of of of bans on online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema so you know I I I I mean and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type type type type known um okay uh as C. F. I. T. (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) okay okay you know and that that that that there were no defects with the um um so so so so aircraft or its systems which contributed to the crash, you know know know know okay uh for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin 'müezzin 'müezzin 'müezzin mahfili' you know uh um in Turkish ) opposite the the the the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of of of of Abdullahi like so okay Omaar the famous elder and businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, he was born in well okay you know Hargaisa in in in in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers are Raqiya Raqiya Raqiya Raqiya um um like Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in like like like like okay so WWE under the ring name Simon Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, where he held I mean um I mean the NXT Tag Tag Tag Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Wing Wing Wing uh you know um Chun professionally in 1973, 1973, 1973, 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio well uh so so so so in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was was was was closed so well so in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her her her her like okay so work as Editor - in - Chief on on on on 'Strange I mean uh uh Horizons', and the magazine magazine magazine magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League League League League in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, well well well well uh so 1848) was a businessman, office holder, holder, holder, holder, justice of the um okay uh peace, and politician born born born born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor Governor Governor Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam john Adam john Adam john Adam Belushi Belushi Belushi Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March 5, 1982 1982 1982 1982 uh uh well ) was an American comedian, comedian, comedian, comedian, actor, and musician, best known okay like you know know know know as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA I I I I mean uh you know and PhD from Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton University in 1963 and uh I mean well 1972 respectively, returning to to to to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter is located located located located in southern Brevard County, Florida and you know like I I I I mean it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the I I I I mean okay I mean novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an an an an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race race race race like so so in which the cyclist cyclist cyclist cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present present present present - like I mean like day town of Marshfield and was the the the the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September September September September 2012 okay like well the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign policy, policy, policy, policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions so I I I I mean you know to open trade in Japan, opposed opposed opposed opposed French designs on so I mean so Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority the Authority the Authority the Authority also also also also sought to help control flooding on the okay you know know know know well lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of of of of the Ohio uh um well River flood of 1937, as as as as research had okay uh you know shown that 4 % % % % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden serena's sudden serena's sudden serena's sudden change change change change in mood convinced Scott that she was okay okay okay okay so well too embarrassed to be seen with him, him, him, him, and this um um well incident went on to to to to mar his first day at the school um like I mean mean mean mean where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern I mean like like like like you know school created by Alexander Nevzorov and and and and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they they they they spend public like well um money this is why democratic democratic democratic democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was born born born born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew up okay you know know know know uh as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas okay uh okay A- 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four four four four machine guns I mean you know well in their noses, noses, noses, noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Technology Technology Technology Development I mean I mean I mean Agency Agency Agency Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became one okay uh you you you you know of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, perch, perch, perch, so you know okay previously they were done from from from from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received received received received his B you know okay so. A. From Boston College, College, College, College, started working as a bond trader well well I I I I mean at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and and and and medieval um um like bridges and is home home home home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, like like like like uh uh destroying any White Whale members that were were were were near, so well uh and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle uncle uncle uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel clifford Herschel clifford Herschel clifford Herschel Moore, Ph Ph Ph Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American okay so well Latin Latin Latin Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated at well well well well well I mean Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's driver's driver's driver's okay well okay door and no cold steel up a a a a driver's leg you know well well but the petrol tank was was was was in the scuttle um so I mean and and and and its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an article article article article I mean like you know because it spoils spoils spoils spoils the plot if that would interfere with, I mean you know know know know okay encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is it is it is it is 'red, smooth smooth smooth smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner I mean mean mean mean um I mean than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 20 20 20 arrests okay um I mean and convictions and, in in in in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the the the the okay okay well Canadian Adult Contemporary Chart, and and and and was a top 10 hit um okay okay in Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it okay well you you you you know was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins and and and and a photo like okay well finish photograph is taken taken taken taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award award award award for Most Outstanding well you know you know Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in in in in San uh uh so Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears this appears this appears this appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', mystery Incorporated', mystery Incorporated', mystery Incorporated', Abin Abin Abin Abin Sur in', and various teachers in like so um 'Recess', 'Recess', 'Recess', 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock Rock' like so well and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares 'Nightmares 'Nightmares 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', concerning a okay you know okay young couple couple couple couple on a road trip in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - - - - to - like you know well day tasks in the house, house, house, house, and be a 24 um uh you know hour hour hour hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food okay like I I I I mean and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) California) California) California) is um okay uh an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which I I I I mean well you know echoed the previous constitution's statement statement statement statement that Vilnius was the permanent you know well so so so so capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, surveyor well you know uh Washington County (on the Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story story story story so you know I mean structure set into the hill, hill, hill, hill, with a frame board and so okay uh uh uh uh batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called called called called from like like um a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ XEQ XEQ XEQ function, so um so that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María josé María josé María josé María Caro Caro Caro Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened matters worsened matters worsened matters worsened for Maximilian after after after after the French armies withdrew from I mean well like Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested interested interested interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course well so so so so well equivalent to a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and and and and like uh well prisoners are free to leave through through through through the one like uh so available exit - the front front front front door and that he is um you know okay taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I you know know know know like so was 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, 1525, 1525, 1525, uh so so two and an half years years years years later I got a toshiba satellite so well um um um um laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, years, years, years, but I mean okay so in June 2005, 14 14 14 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, BA, BA, BA, a post I mean well so he has held since since since since 1984, and was chairman well I mean I I I I mean of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, um okay okay okay okay you know but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō empress Genshō empress Genshō empress Genshō was an elder elder elder elder sister of Emperor Mommu I mean um okay and daughter daughter daughter daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later later later later so well um Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Temmu and Empress um um uh Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to to to to a um so okay spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of of of of the Chattahoochee you know uh I mean River, which which which which would eventually be linked to the okay well uh Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Railroad from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books published published published published um you know okay by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was was was was a okay okay you know Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for you know know know know like well Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the most you you you you know like I mean popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held held held held the office well like so of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of of of of Journalism you know so like (with honors), and and and and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present okay I I I I mean so 3D films in some theaters, and and and and they can be like uh you know used used used used to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in you know know know know um okay Finnish as purely an issue of syllable syllable syllable syllable structure is that the like well I mean language language language language has undergone various phonetic changes due to which um um um um uh uh not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of DNA that I I I I mean I mean uh is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of of of of the Department um you know you know of Health, Flavier Flavier Flavier Flavier went to serve village folk in uh um I I I I mean Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project the project the project the project for for for for the church was entrusted by the like like um um um um engineer Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case in case in case in case of of of of febrile seizures, medical advice can be you know okay well well well well sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures uh okay so so so so are not harmful, do not require treatment, and have um like like like like I mean no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to to to to okay um okay St Peter and described as the Church Church Church Church of like I mean uh Westleigh in Leigh, its dedication dedication dedication dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and born and born and born and raised raised raised raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally uh uh uh uh uh uh mirroring her most well - known role role role role okay uh so - although they also speculate she was not not not not a well okay um gang member herself, rather rather rather rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its uh uh uh uh uh so stories were partly based on real people and events, and and and and I mean so um several years passed before it was was was was adapted from a I mean uh okay play performed by by by by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through through through through this small well uh okay forest for electrical electrical electrical electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family I I I I mean okay you know of profiles hackedis a set set set set of Java APIs uh I mean so tuned for low - - - - footprint devices that have limited you know well well resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both so uh uh uh uh so petrol (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 0 0 0 litre W12 um so I mean engine was rated rated rated rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him well okay okay okay okay I mean a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has cleveland has four trains trains trains trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the before the before the before the founding of Russellville, a a a a small town located well okay well on the Arkansas River, River, River, River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a I I I I mean okay like teenager and had consensual sex with her her her her as an adult um um you know. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre centre centre centre in so like I mean 1979 by the Butetown Butetown Butetown Butetown Historic Railway Society and by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel Park is is is is a public park in Earley, a suburb so uh um in in in in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham Road I I I I mean you know uh was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong Kong Kong Kong well okay okay listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation like like like like well like with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic philatelic philatelic philatelic experts you know uh so and philatelic literature collectors, collectors, collectors, collectors, he compiled and supplemented so you know I mean his father's father's father's father's original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from from from from like you know uh other people to the ocean, ocean, ocean, ocean, is among the most famous okay um like like like like works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary documentary documentary documentary uh uh so about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of because of because of because because because because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion um well uh Backe Backe Backe Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P h. P h. P h. P is also a a a a character in the video game you know well so Oh Sir! Sir Sir Sir the insult the insult the insult the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord lord lord lord of well um uh Owari han, he served as chamberlain chamberlain chamberlain chamberlain during World you know like so War War War War II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording you know know know know so like of Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, Orelas, Orelas, Orelas, telling him well so well of the burnt train containing containing containing containing the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on you know know know know like so a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned earned earned earned a uh uh uh bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a a a a flying um okay I mean disc, especially over over over over long distances: its low profile can make you know okay okay okay okay okay it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of champion of champion of champion of of of of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon okay like like like like I mean Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and and and and other new features such well so you know as the the the the ability to hire two henchman at once you know okay so so so so and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in however, in however, in however, in the end McDuff McDuff McDuff McDuff opted to use a piece okay you know so of of of of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he he he he received an you know um like offer to manage the the the the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six the six the six the six episode episode episode episode series was filmed in Khoo's so you know well well well well Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the the the the street outside; I mean okay um they recovered one small small small small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a you know you you you you know okay part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA Division I I mean I mean well men's basketball basketball basketball basketball season, took place on March 5, 2008 like like like like I mean I mean as a single - - - - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - well well well well like so West Point market will move to the the the the of WTVA; before this um so I mean announcement, Comcast Comcast Comcast Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky rocky rocky rocky debris, um you know I mean feeding on on on on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of of of of the like so I mean aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the in the in the in the 19th century an an an an oficial archetectural survey declared well okay okay the the the the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the um you you you you know you know player. He also he also he he he he also he also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival okay okay okay okay well uh was planned to be presentation of the the the the CD, okay uh you know release date was was was was deelayed up to the May, 2006, okay okay so so so so because of the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently um um um um I mean uh completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing you know know know know uh um bass guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award Award Award Award - I mean so um winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of of of of so um like 'Anything Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Joel Joel Joel Grey. He most he most he most he most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing executing executing executing five core CA so I mean okay tasks, Civil Civil Civil Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is he is he is he is is is is best known for writing about security issues uh uh uh uh well I mean for the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which which which which he like like okay founded in March 1995, with with with with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard um um um um okay like in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the okay I I I I mean like (unnamed) choice was going to do something 'too glossy' glossy' glossy' glossy' and wanted I mean I mean so to present present present present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May May May May 30, 1935) well so so was an American American American American lawyer and politician who was New York like uh um um um um Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the you you you you know like you know default file system of OS X, X, X, X, HFS Plus, saying uh I mean okay it is is is is 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain Hussain Hussain Hussain (Arabic / Persian okay well so / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a a a a Stunt director, Action like like well Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a is a is a is is is is a British comedy film first released in in in in um like like 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the in the in the in the summer of of of of 2009, they were once again I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In uh I I I I mean like December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was okay okay okay okay well like held in 2009; it was canceled twice twice twice twice you know so well due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG like like like like you know um TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, was okay you know well created by merging the Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - house okay okay okay okay okay you know chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was um um um um okay uh of relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each okay okay okay okay well well service (Navy, Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to to to to take so okay well place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's okay like like like like like oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded well well well well well so in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been well well well well well well named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 on 13 on 13 on on on on 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal I mean like like like like uh Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary in 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, okay uh so and on completion of the the the the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and okay okay okay okay um um moved to Canada, but he died of cancer and she she she she returned so you know okay to Britain and obtained a post at at at at the Plant like like okay Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and and and and you know well okay forward line, and with with with with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon echo Canyon echo Canyon echo Canyon Dam Dam Dam Dam was built in 1969 - I mean you you you you know like 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his album album album album 'Yours well okay I mean Truly' and in 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were were were were hunted to extinction well I mean okay within the the the the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to to to to spend um like so the day drinking in the local local local local pub. As a as a as a as a a a a result, you know like so the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is like like like like like like a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that that that that has a so okay uh Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in in in in a liquid okay um I mean medium with and without phosphorus phosphorus phosphorus phosphorus have been shown to affect um um okay hyphal growth growth growth growth. Spores of spores of spores of spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true true true true features would uh well like last longer (this is the the the the meaning of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and since since since since 2009 okay okay I mean he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary in 1918, like so so the county continued to exist in in in in Czechoslovakia, but it was I mean I mean well well well well abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins later, Hopkins later, Hopkins later, Hopkins began to to to to pursue his interest in science, publishing a uh um um paper paper paper paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor uh uh uh uh I mean like ejected by the bombardier beetle and and and and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures paramount Pictures paramount Pictures paramount Pictures Corporation (known (known (known (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and so like okay often referred referred referred referred to simply as Paramount) is an American you know know know know you know well film studio based in Hollywood, California, California, California, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in in in in you know like um Seoul) is a South Korean Korean Korean Korean actor, best known like okay like for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found he found he found he found that that that that they were a hit worse than um like like like like so the titanic, so he worked with a Dallas Dallas Dallas Dallas company to I mean I mean okay develop the the the the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in in in in I mean you know you know the game, including Pomeranians, lions, lions, lions, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, empire, empire, empire, concluded a uh uh well voluntary confederation with the chiefs chiefs chiefs chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, industry, industry, industry, Dior also like uh like had some roles in mainstream film and and and and television, including um like uh guest appearances in', in', in', in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is there is there is there is tension between Stephen and and and and Mulligan, stemming from a like well um cruel remark Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his uh you know know know know I mean recently deceased mother and from the fact fact fact fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated it celebrated it celebrated it celebrated its fiftieth fiftieth fiftieth fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was it was it was it was Garlan that dressed dressed dressed dressed in Lord Renly's like okay uh armor during the Battle Battle Battle Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of like um well well well well what seemed to be a dead man leading leading leading leading the Tyrell / uh um so Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies as as as as son okay well um of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, I I I I mean um uh Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta Augusta Augusta Augusta a rail link um you know well to Atlanta, which connected connected connected connected to the Tennessee River uh I mean like at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, like like like like um like but everything else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran ran ran ran on a so okay so 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a well well well well you know um synonym of 'narrative', it can also also also also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program the Program the Program the Program is is is is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman Yzerman Yzerman Yzerman and Scott I mean um so Stevens, and Get Ready Ready Ready Ready For This by 2 well uh you know Unlimited is used used used used as the game's main theme (for so so so so uh you know the PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's she's she's she's well I mean well the one he takes after. Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte is fearless and so like like has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community mountain Community Television Channel Channel Channel Channel 15 (commonly known as so so okay MCTV 15) 15) 15) 15) is a small Public - access television cable TV so so so so you know okay station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who who who who was well um so previously convicted of four counts of risk risk risk risk of I mean okay you know injury to a minor, minor, minor, minor, or impairing the morals of um uh so a a a a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently is is is is I mean you know I mean single and holds holds holds holds intense anger towards Richard for like okay well ruining their their their their wedding, and also became furious to learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated for for for for well you know so wounds inflicted during battle battle battle battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon uh you you you you know okay Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long long long long study of what uh uh you know he he he he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting um like like like like you know in the Trojan War, disguising him as as as as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and and and and is so well well a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, atoms, atoms, atoms, I mean okay I mean presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a okay okay okay okay you know you know more integrative approach, which combines mark mark mark mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of of of of brands okay uh um ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic Panasonic Panasonic Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and well so so is is is is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American north American north American north American Area Area Area Area code 614 is the I mean like you know area area area area code for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by like like like like uh so Ghanaian DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Merqury Merqury Merqury Quaye. To foster to foster to foster to to to to foster the um like like development of the Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James James James James okay you know you know Hamilton was born; he he he he went on to become a mayor well okay okay of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- so uh uh uh uh okay first presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in in in in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing while writing while writing while writing 'The French French French French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on the screenplay okay okay okay okay well um for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The 'The 'The 'The Collector' had already you know well so so so so been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich Rich Rich Rich 200 in 2009, like well uh following the death of of of of his father earlier that year, and like so I mean debuted as as as as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for for for for Gilbert uh okay um to co-star with her, her, her, her, and he received a new seven so you you you you know um - year contract with MGM as a result, but but but but the like okay so film failed to to to to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman had Kurtzman had Kurtzman had Kurtzman stayed with with with with 'Mad', he said he would so so uh uh uh uh have urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st the 1st the 1st the 1st century century century century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus okay okay you you you you know indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with with with with uh uh I mean Romulus giving Roman fathers fathers fathers fathers the right to well okay like sell their own children into into into into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Arizona, and uh uh like attended the University of Arizona State, State, State, State, where she was um so okay the starting starting starting starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead lead lead lead the like um so Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between okay okay okay okay okay like Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a a a a construction permit for okay well okay booster station WWCU - - - - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read read read read Thomas's Elpis Israel like so well and was subsequently baptised baptised baptised baptised in 1853 at the age of so well I I I I mean 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to to to to live uh uh uh with her Uncle and his his his his two wives (New well okay so Aunt and Old Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) and never felt you know like uh as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme um um um um okay well on a journey back from Asia, and had had had had the um uh um island Syme named after her; her; her; her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been new new new new um uh uh browsers coming onto the scence, many of of of of these are I mean I mean I mean open open open open source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or on on on on uh um okay the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located on on on on Wentworth Drive okay well okay in Bedford, England, named in in in in honour of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to so so so so well so finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York Athletic Club Club Club Club um you know like and focused on making the the the the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in in in in okay uh um 1994 Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with with with with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, well okay okay okay okay okay appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general in general in general in general it avoids human human human human contact, but one fatality um well I mean is reported reported reported reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan so I mean so woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the in the in the in the summer summer summer summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of um you know know know know you know the venue was started, new side sectors with with with with roof covers like I mean well were built built built built and the media sectors were expanded in like uh like order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her you you you you know so okay to dive into the exciting and and and and ever - changing world uh well uh of of of of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was shepherd was shepherd was shepherd was investigated investigated investigated investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which time I mean like like like like so it was discovered that in addition to his his his his overspending, Shepherd had well uh um given preference to neighborhoods neighborhoods neighborhoods neighborhoods and areas of the so um well District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the the the the quarter you know well you know - final match match match match against Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd so well so would miss the the the the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch that branch that branch that branch branch branch branch was completed in May 1900 but by well you you you you know I mean 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI aPOJI aPOJI aPOJI corresponds to a Java Java Java Java standard interface and okay okay like is usually used used used used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by produced by produced by produced by Pawan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their uh um um um um um banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt uh uh uh uh you know uh. Ltd. In association in association in association association association association in association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved achieved achieved achieved well um like surprise and Japanese air forces could not not not not muster a counter-attack, the enemy you know well okay knew knew knew knew that the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the the the the American War Mothers, uh okay well also known as as as as the Gold Star Mothers because their so like I mean mean mean mean display of a flag with a blue star for for for for a son on well well um active service and and and and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing kraven, realizing how useful useful useful useful Gog can be, decides to use like okay you you you you know him in a plot to conquer the well well well well okay I mean Savage Land; after kidnapping the visiting visiting visiting visiting Gwen Stacy from uh you know well a camp in in in in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog uh you you you you know you know battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's well uh I mean Anglican Church is an Anglican Church Church Church Church within the Diocese okay well okay of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various various various various senior well well you know posts until 1929 1929 1929 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant the Commandant the Commandant the Commandant then becomes interested in in in in Lisa, and he is amazed you know I mean well well well well by her broken spirit and whatever he does does does does to torture you know you know well her does does does does not demoralise her as she is already like so well mentally mentally mentally mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History um um um um okay like and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a a a a box - section okay I mean so chassis with with with with torsion - bar suspension on all so okay you know know know know wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May um well well well well so 1976, this variant had been specifically designed for for for for so so well the dual - role of lightweight fighter fighter fighter fighter and so uh like advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in in in in 1892, overseeing the ground uh uh like move move move move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth the fifth the fifth the fifth floor floor floor floor is off limits to hotel um like um guests, it it it it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one of of of of well uh well Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the the the the 1990s, I mean like so and also collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and television, television, television, television, and I mean okay uh in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a I mean mean mean mean uh I mean cascading series of shut downs downs downs downs and a major regional well well you know blackout, such such such such as occurred in the US Northeast so well well well well well blackouts of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of like you you you you know you know Beaujolais, and the name is being phased phased phased phased out and will I mean so okay not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that were were were were I mean okay so sold to either individuals or to the the the the corporations of an entire okay you know well industry, while while while while the railroads at the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local okay okay okay okay well okay preparation for the first assembly of the the the the Virginia Convention and it well um well considered considered considered considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, like um well well well well and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse okay okay okay okay you know uh of power for their own own own own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red the Red the Red the Red River Rebellion Rebellion Rebellion Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, um okay like like like like socialize, and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda B I mean well so. Keith McIntyre, spent spent spent spent her early childhood on the east coast uh well um um um um of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, um um um um um like but there is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There There There There so there so there so there so well uh the usual once once once once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones uh uh uh uh uh well have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an I I I I mean I mean uh American singer - songwriter who who who who is best known for okay um well her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the the the the you know well well fruit vendors. Several people several people several people people people people several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was it was it was it was formed during during during during several episodes of quaternary glaciation uh so um when sea sea sea sea levels were much lower - the analysis of of of of um you know okay stalactites found in Great Blue Blue Blue Blue Hole shows that formation took I mean I mean I I I I mean place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former former former former outfielder well um I mean and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet okay okay okay okay um I mean Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late late late late 60s the model uh you know I mean line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by by by by okay so okay her stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian Actress, often like um uh cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the the the the design I mean okay so of an internal combustion combustion combustion combustion engine which in one embodiment you know okay um uses opposing opposing opposing opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios so okay okay okay okay okay are associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the the the the ability of uh like I mean the fetus to to to to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Rex Rex Rex like you know okay Humbard purchased the building as part of of of of a nondenominational Bible like so you know college, then began using using using using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural cultural cultural cultural so uh you know norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus versus versus versus feminity' as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording recording recording recording contract so okay uh with RCA Records Nashville Nashville Nashville Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, you know uh I mean mean mean mean they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept he kept he kept he kept a journal journal journal journal that was published in uh you know you know 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, the first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', oblativus', oblativus', oblativus', is a like um so large species of South American American American American chinchilla rats, known from remains okay so I mean found found found found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed um okay okay okay okay I mean acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, Argyle, Argyle, Argyle, and okay you know I mean that the the the the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, so okay okay okay okay uh an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his um um um um I mean uh family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel private Badel private Badel private Badel Hernández Hernández Hernández Hernández Guzmán, from the town of okay um uh Humacao, Humacao, Humacao, Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as as as as um like you know both started singing at Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday school and through basic education and like you you you you know okay also performing in various high schools and participating at at at at well well I mean occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast northeast northeast northeast and passes um okay okay through the northern part of the the the the city of Washington, with I mean um like interchanges at Green Green Green Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such such such such okay I mean well as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was it was it was it was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower bolt Thrower bolt Thrower bolt Thrower announced that that that that as they were satisfied I mean I mean so with with with with the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing so so so so I mean uh the recording of another LP, as as as as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the the the the um so I mean Eastern Front including Battle of of of of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, I mean well okay they also took took took took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself so um um um um well - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the I mean mean mean mean like um 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than than than than the so okay um pre-World War II population), and by 1970 it it it it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed skarbek showed skarbek showed skarbek showed her penchant penchant penchant penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski I mean I mean like like like like were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; 1941; 1941; 1941; and uh um okay she won their release, feigning feigning feigning feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm like like like like uh um of the Class A-Advanced California League setting setting setting setting single - you know um okay season club records with with with with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established established established established okay well so notions and hierarchies in Japan from from from from its earliest years I mean so I mean mean mean mean when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was caught caught caught caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team team team team in uh so okay the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is well well well well like like an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a uh uh uh uh like so Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears the Bears the Bears the Bears looked to improve improve improve improve upon their 6 -- uh well uh 10 record from from from from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive 0 um like like like like uh -- 3 start, and were plagued plagued plagued plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved involved involved involved in like um you know a trashed - hotel - - - - room incident; he and two okay okay so members of of of of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and I mean mean mean mean okay so began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy Hardy Hardy Hardy well well okay & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small small small small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to to to to establish okay so you know territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County the County the County the County Hall is is is is a 16 - storey office I mean um you you you you know block owned by Cork County Council and housing its its its its so uh okay administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - okay um um um um so specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the the the the implications so like so of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship uh uh uh uh you know okay with Carol, as she believes she has the the the the perfect relationship so well well with him and and and and reveals that she is imitating her life uh I I I I mean you know as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover like like like like like like Tara scrambles for her pain pills and and and and Wolfe seeing so well well this later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched touched touched touched down and I mean I mean like damaged the Fermi 2 2 2 2 generator building and forced an I mean okay well well well well automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 9 9 9 I mean okay like kind of needles, the needle needle needle needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves okay okay okay okay uh I mean on to new levels, which means that that that that the complexity and level like so okay of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in I I I I mean um uh 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female female female female and aged you know so uh between 18 and and and and 23; it can have harmful effects like so okay okay okay okay on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting setting setting setting Thoroughbred well okay you know racehorse who won races races races races on both dirt okay I mean well and turf that that that that today are Grade 1 events so okay okay and in the the the the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second in uh well uh the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number of of of of um you know you know prior criminal convictions, the the the the oldest conviction was criminal damage in uh I mean so 1983 1983 1983 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following the following the following the following season he he he he went on to play twentyone games, you know I mean mean mean mean like scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before before before before you know you know you know signing an eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there currently there currently there currently there are very few few few few Jews in Kosovo, according to um so so Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input data input data input data input required required required required intermediate processing via punched paper tape so okay I mean mean mean mean or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor labor labor labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada the Nevada the Nevada the Nevada City Downtown Downtown Downtown Downtown Historic District is a historic district okay uh uh uh uh so in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is it is it is it is easy to get involved involved involved involved in the you know like well fiesta even not knowing knowing knowing knowing the language and to live the Carnival like uh uh uh uh like and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, fights, fights, fights, then uh well I mean faced contender Oba Carr in in in in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she she she she um like like founded and was president of the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Parks Association, a I mean I mean okay group group group group that was instrumental in passing a 100 um um um um um well million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 season saw the the the the addition of a team you know well uh from from from from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used used used used by multiple well so well Native American cultures, with the style style style style of pipe, materials uh okay like smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down down down down ten years later, so I mean you know but during during during during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 in 1919 in 1919 in 1919 her family family family family moved to Chicago and she uh you know um began began began began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear cause but but but but uh you know uh is believed to be the result of of of of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured it featured it featured it featured live live live live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, so you know well Faakhir Mehmood, Mehmood, Mehmood, Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd the Crowd Crowd Crowd Crowd the Crowd the Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel Axel Axel Axel uh um like Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe 'Inocybe 'Inocybe 'Inocybe erubescens', though was so well so widely known known known known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named by by by by so uh I mean Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as so um um um um okay being 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation okay okay okay okay you know okay deck extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among among among among okay I mean well the indigenous Australians and and and and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station so um um um um I mean neighborhood of Dundalk, Maryland) was a a a a running back with like you know okay a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine I mean mean mean mean I mean uh Arts in Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, okay well I mean where her parents decided to to to to separate; she and her siblings I mean well okay went went went went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held held held held from 24 you know uh you know October to to to to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de I mean mean mean mean okay okay Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, uh well well well well well ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of of of of architecture with um um uh timber buildings prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke Lemke Lemke Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, Colleges, Colleges, Colleges, um okay I mean is a two - year campus of of of of the University of Wisconsin okay well you you you you know System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art art art art historians, as well like uh um as interested interested interested interested laymen, and posthumously continues to do so well um well well well well through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods periods periods periods after uh I mean well examining shell mounds on on on on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near I mean so uh uh uh uh modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and I mean mean mean mean okay uh learning approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on on on on okay I mean well activities, projects, cases, internet - based based based based interaction, etc so like I mean. These should be accessible accessible accessible accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical uh I mean well basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in in in in the 2011 I mean uh so NCAA Men's Division Division Division Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries to return back to to to to the so okay uh camp from the battle but takes long long long long time to reach as well well okay he forgets forgets forgets forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular using regular using regular using regular troops, then then then then with help of the intelligence uh uh um service, the the the the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest largest largest largest ship I mean you know um management companies operated operated operated operated in Monaco and is uh like I mean the the the the current Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the the the the you know I mean uh company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - - - - pattern, okay um okay result in disqualification, also called called called called a 'no you know um so score,' which which which which prevents the horse from earning any uh well well well well so award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the the the the system's computers uh um like regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood childhood childhood childhood you know well well -- 'something that could could could could never, ever possibly destroy us' -- you know like well well well well and the destructor arrives in the form of a a a a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song song song song and perform so you know you know on stage ever ever ever ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area you know um um um um um in the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was he was he was he was allowed to return return return return to South Africa in 1919, so uh uh uh uh uh to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built um so like like like like some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the the the the okay well so third attempt; the resulting great field position position position position led to so I mean I mean Iowa taking taking taking taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British the British the British the British government government government government suspected that Rhodes knew that the gold okay I I I I mean well was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim aim aim aim was to I mean um um settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland Matabeleland Matabeleland Matabeleland all along, and after that and the Jameson uh uh I I I I mean Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 the 1965 the 1965 the 1965 National Football League League League League Championship game was well okay uh the 33rd championship championship championship championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as as as as like like so a marble - topped bar counter, and and and and altogether 50 different you know so you know types of of of of marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting supporting supporting supporting like so well the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, delegation, delegation, delegation, and I mean um you know he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased um you know know know know I mean the 'Herald & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee and was a well well uh delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most popular popular popular popular okay well uh warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning winning winning winning a battle at Talaialanganam well so I mean mean mean mean against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known known known known as The um you know like Walt Disney World Very Very Very Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker worker worker worker well so like Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of of of of Kadıköy being systematically looted I mean I mean like like like like and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School newlands School newlands School newlands School School School School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress actress actress actress well you know um and voice actress who is is is is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
