2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigm form of digital uh okay um I mean image processing in which which which which which the image resolution, or amount of okay so I I I I I mean you know detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms in terms in terms in terms terms terms terms terms in terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to to to to to a decision okay okay you know you know - maker's maker's maker's maker's maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of uh like like like like like okay like a complex and evolving task situation, its its its its its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school the school the school the school the the the the the school was established at São João del Rei, um like you you you you you know well Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of of of of of Friars so um you know um Minor and solidified itself itself itself itself itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park Park Park Park Park okay well okay like and St Helens, returning to to to to to Cardiff Arms Park for you know uh you you you you you know so the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the the the the the 2010 uh uh uh so match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by by by by by so um you know well equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian like you know I mean I mean film producer and director, director, director, director, director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge upsurge upsurge upsurge upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical well okay like like like like like I mean position, covered by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic 'Epic I mean like okay well Love' onto YouTube in in in in in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The The The The The you know uh so well Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent so well well well well well well um spot on KZZP on Fridays and used used used used used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second well well well well well like you know okay US album '12 X 5' in 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 and performed it as um okay uh uh part of of of of of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was dittrich was dittrich was dittrich was dittrich dittrich dittrich dittrich dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay but he now works for Human Human Human Human Human Rights Watch in New well um well I mean York City, City, City, City, City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises like like like like like like okay um 14 localities located at a maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum distance of well well um like from the city, and with with with with with 446, 595 inhabitants it okay I mean I mean um um um um um is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is bedford is bedford is bedford is bedford is a a a a a local prison holding Category B male prisoners like okay well well well well well so who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it it it it it is uh okay uh like possessed, the father finally makes makes makes makes makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological the Archaeological the Archaeological the Archaeological the Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay center of the seaport town town town town town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza you know um I I I I I mean uh Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are are are are are widely considered to well okay um so be the some some some some some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are um uh uh uh uh uh um okay of lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when but when but when but when but when Ryad is is is is is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, like so so so so so so okay Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, prison, prison, prison, prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married in in in in in I mean well so okay Mexico, and on the day day day day day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 1823 1823 1823 1823 like like so like explained to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance importance importance importance importance of an educational you know uh okay okay institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 681 - - - - - 681 - 681 - 681 - 690 James Perry you you you you you know um um you know is one such scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar whose research reveals that public servants so like you know know know know know well tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, thus, thus, thus, thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly predates you you you you you know okay so so the post- 1969 prog era, a a a a a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but but but but but suffered nearly 600 you know I mean okay like casualties, mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd uh uh uh uh uh so well uh was reduced to the size of a single company company company company company uh you know like um and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at at at at at um you know uh um a terminal station, the the the the the train may not continue in okay okay I mean so so so so so a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are there are there are there are there are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin so you know like so and determined that it it it it it was a protein and in uh um um um um um um you know 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a (a (a (a (a small you know so so you know virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord lord lord lord lord I mean okay well you know of Hermitage Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, Castle, was arrested and boiled alive well okay well well well well well well by his tenants at the site in 1320 in a a a a a uh okay like well cauldron suspended from the two large large large large large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 6 6 6 6 um um um well %, the Malays of Southern Thailand Thailand Thailand Thailand Thailand make up so um uh I mean around around around around around 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate many celebrate many celebrate many celebrate many many many many many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan sources uh so like I mean reference this date although although although although although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours with I I I I I mean I mean okay so the case at hand is one one one one one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon george Gideon george Gideon george Gideon george Gideon Gideon Gideon Gideon Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May May May May May 1971) um I mean well I mean is a British British British British British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there if there if there if there there there there there if there is no article, or an article without without without without without sources, I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing deposing deposing deposing deposing his well like like so first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who who who who who had angered the Vandal um uh um you know know know know know nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of of of of of I mean uh well um the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a a a a a young age, okay like so like Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley played his junior rugby league for the Aspley Aspley Aspley Aspley Aspley okay I mean you know um Devils and attended attended attended attended attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built they built they built they built they built built built built built a large palace on the hill of Bribir, so okay okay okay okay okay you know um an ideal place to control the surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding territory, overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station station station station station so you know so you know as a food court called called called called called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible compatible compatible compatible compatible across operating I mean um uh well systems, so so so so so compatibility of the keyboard needs to be um okay okay okay okay okay um you know checked before purchasing one; this this this this this is because of the uh so you know um special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film like I I I I I mean um uh 'Nayakan' (2010), following it up with 'City 'City 'City 'City 'City of God' okay like uh well (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), (2013), (2013), (2013), (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of so you you you you you know well uh Belgrade lasted for three days, other other other other other sources state the um so like uh air battle over over over over over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard 40 like like like like like so you know um foot container, but if the rail line line line line line has been built with I mean uh uh you know know know know know sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack car car car car car can accept uh I mean um well a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage um so so so so so uh okay of its matches in the United States, States, States, States, States, the United Kingdom, um you know okay like France, the Czech Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, well you know know know know know I mean so Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second second second second second um so so I mean to shed rain while while while while while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising so so so so so uh uh um them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and and and and and was also involved in so like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, so I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay including efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, entering so well okay I mean in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as I mean mean mean mean mean uh so well a diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor labor labor labor labor movement; you know so like you know its its its its its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as the okay okay okay okay okay like I mean uh go to person for comment on on on on on issues concerning the so I mean well well well well well you know Muslim community even though he has no official official official official official standing like you know so well within the community as as as as as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz the Buzz the Buzz the the the the the Buzz the Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like on several well - known brands brands brands brands brands and qualified luthiers okay so uh okay who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered ordered ordered ordered ordered to retreat, you know you know okay you know know know know know and within two hours the mob was moving about well well well well well um so well the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and and and and and um well well like have on several occasions read read read read read the comments made um well you know I mean on it; it; it; it; it; the character Comic Book Guy is often used you know know know know know okay uh uh in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, Singapore etc. However, uh like I mean like like like like like the civilisation of India in general, has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini well so um um used for referring to Italy Italy Italy Italy Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and okay um um um um um okay okay Televisa and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming like like like like like uh you know like to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Cylon Cylon Cylon Cylon Natalie being taken well well so well to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at at at at at you know well uh okay her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive home in Polk County of a so so um um um um um you know top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the the the the the um uh I mean well University of Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne Lausanne and when he returns with much fanfare after well well so so so so so you know the course, it is revealed that he has has has has has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the well you know know know know know so okay legal arm of FAIR, which is is is is is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - houses houses houses houses houses you know I mean uh you know that that that that that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa Marissa Marissa Marissa Marissa I mean like like okay (the Flora Venom) one of of of of of the Darna's enemy as the like well I mean mean mean mean mean I mean story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Wales with okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got he got he got he got he he he he he got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and okay uh uh uh uh uh um okay was given the key to his legitimate hometown of of of of of like um well I mean Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the mayor, mayor, mayor, mayor, mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and and and and and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the most you you you you you know I mean okay so optimistic projections, the NDP took took took took took every seat in you know I mean I mean so the the the the the city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an so um um um um um uh so free and open source initiative to provide an enterprise enterprise enterprise enterprise enterprise well okay um uh scale solution to managing the configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of of of of of so well so you know primary energy can be be be be be considered the same, which is like like like like like um you know you know not the case for for for for for industrial - size, common desalination plants, you know I I I I I mean I mean well which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um there before joining the ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC and is a graduate of Deakin uh um like I I I I I mean University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was was was was was designed by noted you know um uh well architect Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy you you you you you know you know so well (1823 -- 1891), a noted noted noted noted noted American paleontologist, and like you know so uh sit sit sit sit sit next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the if the if the if the if the the the the the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits well okay okay okay okay okay uh well than the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, added, added, added, added, uh uh you know so which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home home home home home alone, okay okay so well and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears overhears overhears overhears overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race the race the race the race the the the the the race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a well I I I I I mean um you know Group 3 race in 2002, and and and and and it has been well like so I I I I I mean upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao the Wenzao the Wenzao the Wenzao the Wenzao Ursuline Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior College of Modern Languages was named after well okay um um um um um so Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded founded founded founded founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 20 20 20 20 I mean uh okay okay 1917) was an officer in the the the the the Union Army during so I mean uh so the the the the the American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in in in in in well okay like you know developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese Faroese Faroese Faroese Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing I I I I I mean you know um uh car designed by the the the the the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 you know know know know know um um you know Formula One season, and was driven driven driven driven driven by Sebastian Vettel, like so well well who drove for for for for for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time time time time time saves the I mean uh I mean like boy, who who who who who ultimately exiles the king who ends up in I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall okay you you you you you know uh like of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September September September September September 2007 I mean so you know like in in in in in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal I mean so so so so so okay you know in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković Stanković Stanković Stanković Stanković in - um so so so swinging freekick, he scored scored scored scored scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- you know know know know know um like um making all students wear the same clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes or okay well well um limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he later, he later, he later, he later, he he he he he led a division of the XVI Corps in um um um um um so like you know the Red River Campaign Campaign Campaign Campaign Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and so uh um I I I I I mean received the brevet rank of colonel in the well well well well well um you know I mean regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a um uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya Kenya Kenya Kenya Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is zelchenko is zelchenko is zelchenko is zelchenko is an an an an an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State University; well I mean mean mean mean mean so okay he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish okay okay okay okay okay uh um well in Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album album album album album 'Smash okay so um so Your Head on the Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Rock' as well as a uh um well so number of of of of of various artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one in one in one in one in in in in in one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right - I I I I I mean I mean well so handed patients who showed signs of of of of of a unilateral cerebral I mean well so um lesion lesion lesion lesion lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village well well well well well um I mean well of Hawleyville briefly emerged as as as as as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 540 540 540 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New New New New New well so well so York) is an American bassist bassist bassist bassist bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it was was was was was tagged as well so I mean you know a a a a a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, book, book, book, book, horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, like you you you you you know so um as he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi and instead so like like like advocated looking to the the the the the original works, his school is like like um so so so so so considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was a controlling and abusive man with many other I I I I I mean okay you know okay lovers, who once shot shot shot shot shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also they also they also they also they also also also also also wear a Loki head and a MF you know um um um um um um you know patch only the club know what those those those those those are used for or like well I mean like signify signify signify signify signify law enforcement theorizes with the help of informants um um um um um so I mean uh and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth when Teth when Teth when Teth Teth Teth Teth Teth when Teth - Adam says the magic word word word word word 'Shazam', he is well uh so okay transformed transformed transformed transformed transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers well I I I I I mean well like that Captain Marvel would later be granted; granted; granted; granted; granted; okay so um like however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a um um um um um so um okay personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free free free free free so you know um so as an early birthday gift from from from from from Kevin to his fans uh I mean so like like like like like and was met with positive praise from numerous music music music music music sites like so okay you know such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern the eastern the eastern the eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern the eastern half of the country, on the other uh uh uh uh uh like so uh hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was this was this was this was was was was was this was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong swansong swansong swansong swansong Le okay you know okay you know Mans, driving a a a a a Porsche - powered Kremer with um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren McLaren McLaren McLaren McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second I I I I I mean like uh um Vatican Council and fostered improved ecumenical relations relations relations relations relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more I mean mean mean mean mean you know uh I mean truculent of Lilburne's Lilburne's Lilburne's Lilburne's Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean Dublin, an area which had had had had had experienced severe drug abuse problems like you you you you you know uh you know since the early 1980s, and and and and and gave Curran a disgust so I mean okay well both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, like like like like like uh so like on 6 March 1856, set sail for for for for for England on well so I mean so board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is so so so so so so so uh unconstitutional because the Trump Administration is overstepping the the the the the authority allowed under um well well okay the by by by by by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh offices on Tower Bridge Road, London London London London London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human human human human human body okay well okay so and a type type type type type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, um you know um okay 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as as as as as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he he he he he was also being well okay okay um actively actively actively actively actively supported by the DUP, the TUV and so well okay okay okay okay okay well UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run run run run run so I mean you know like a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the son son son son son okay you know well so of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, I I I I I mean um you know so and during the 1870s 1870s 1870s 1870s 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, before long, before long, before long, long, long, long, long, before long, her photo and byline were running in the 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' okay like uh so daily, churning out formulaic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Camaro Camaro Camaro Camaro you know okay well well Z28 then parks the the the the the car in front of the school like I mean you you you you you know like with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal was okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh granted independence, with only brief periods periods periods periods periods of English occupation during you know you know well well well well well well the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong Wong Wong Wong Wong (黃浩義) well like um um (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; Yì; Yì; Yì; Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the on the on the on the on the other other other other other hand, the book extends and builds on so okay um um um um um so the existing body of query language issues, issues, issues, issues, issues, many of you know so so okay which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the the the the the Whitecloaks, for allegedly well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills him in a a a a a I mean I mean I mean like duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 like uh okay okay okay okay okay uh February, 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the the the the the only okay okay you know you know son of Thomas Lyon Lyon Lyon Lyon Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band band band band band The uh I mean so okay Living Living Living Living Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were they were they were they were they they they they they were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city city city city city uh okay well um of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian team won all nine games played in the okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean tournament and became became became became became the first nation from America and only so so you you you you you know okay the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched researched researched researched researched by like um uh um international institutes, universities and market market market market market research companies, it's well so I mean uh estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley the Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when uh well well well well well uh um it first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to with so you you you you you know uh so Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged charged charged charged charged you know uh I mean like with cheating and have had had had had had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is located in the old part of the capital, uh I mean mean mean mean mean so um Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in in in in in the history uh so I mean uh of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - blondin - blondin - blondin - - - - - blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is is is is is the Member like um uh well of Parliament for the the the the the district of Western Arctic in so uh uh uh uh uh like you know the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern (Northern (Northern (Northern (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman john Merryman john Merryman john Merryman john Merryman Merryman Merryman Merryman Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) 1881) 1881) 1881) 1881) was uh uh I mean uh the petitioner in in in in in one of the best known habeas corpus um um um um um um you know you know cases of the American Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with with with with with the R13, uh well like well R14, R15 and and and and and R16 and long - distance services, I mean um um um um um okay well branch off to Estació de França, so so so so so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents rain rain rain rain rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids off so I I I I I mean like like plants and thus kills them from from from from from the impact or by like well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly hall quickly hall quickly hall quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent um um um um um so uh I mean that she lacked a campaign message, message, message, message, message, outside of her 'love okay I mean like so so so so so for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able um um um um um okay so like to flee the scene, but was discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered the next okay I mean well I mean morning morning morning morning morning hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp tarp tarp tarp tarp uh okay you know uh in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first first first first first well well like uh tour arranged by new label label label label label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris at I mean well you know I mean Mettupalayam, 40 KM KM KM KM KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South riverside, South riverside, South riverside, South riverside, South South South South South Memphis is one of the oldest portions I mean I mean mean mean mean mean um um of South Memphis, Tennessee, made made made made made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is ancoats is ancoats is ancoats is ancoats is is is is is an inner city area of Manchester, in so so so so so I mean I mean you know North West England, England, England, England, England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at you you you you you know like okay um Duke and served as treasurer of of of of of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is it is it is it is it is both both both both both a love and reproachful song towards okay um so okay okay okay okay okay the two parents: a version for the mother well like like like like like like uh and one for the father, but it is unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to according to according to according to according to declassified documents, documents, documents, documents, documents, made public by the National Security uh so so so so so uh well Archive, CORU was created to unify five five five five five different Cuban exile groups, at okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis following German German German German German well uh okay uh invasion of Poland and was not not not not not to okay uh uh um be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug hatched um um okay um a plan to make her move in in in in in with him, which worked so I mean well you know but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold uh uh uh uh uh um um so Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing allowing allowing allowing allowing I mean I mean I mean well same - sex sex sex sex sex couples to jointly petition for adoption, okay um like uh uh uh uh uh however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared shared shared shared shared guardianship I mean I mean you know I mean through through through through through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is is is is is a retired I mean I mean I mean okay professional ice ice ice ice ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons with the okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um Minnesota North Stars of the the the the the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 uh um um um um um um uh March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in so so so so so so like okay the 2007 - 08 season; however, because of of of of of the number of games uh like like um he he he he he played for both Charlton and China, he was less less less less less effective I mean so well okay in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never never never never never put into I mean well uh well well well well well action due to limitations in funds and the belief that okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know the tides of the the the the the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and and and and and I mean well I mean so later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Church, I mean well um okay Oxford, and was subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December on December on December on December on December December December December December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean okay online rental services, and and and and and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean the Northeast Northeast Northeast Northeast Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel or Bottom you you you you you know I mean uh okay Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in like like like like like like I mean you know memory of Dottie West, one one one one one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on on on on on you know so like you know Yablonski's complaints while while while while while he lived, but after his uh like like well murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', Sale', Sale', Sale', Sale', when I mean so uh so he sells sells sells sells sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, well uh okay well and and and and and tells the camera that his mother has you know know know know know um like you know never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator its radiator its radiator its radiator its its its its its radiator was in the nose between the engine like like like like like uh um okay and propeller, only just beyond the wing wing wing wing wing and its like like okay like fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, Barhatta, Barhatta, Barhatta, Barhatta, BaraHatti) are so so you know um a division division division division division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly in um well well well well well okay uh the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was he was he was he he he he he was he was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near near near near near uh I mean uh well Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time time time time time along okay um so so Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus Sheamus Sheamus Sheamus Sheamus 'left you know okay well uh arm while while while while while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused I I I I I mean um well you know to stop at the referee's five count, count, count, count, count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its its its its its first I mean okay I mean you know hearing in in in in in 100 years, took place at the Golders you you you you you know okay well like Green Hippodrome in London on 2 2 2 2 2 August 1975; this production was broadcast like I mean mean mean mean mean so so on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Bhattacharya, Bhattacharya, Bhattacharya, Bhattacharya, um I mean well okay Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Paterno, so like well you know former head coach of of of of of the Penn State Nittany Lions football team so like uh uh uh uh uh like. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno Paterno Paterno Paterno Paterno friends and Family okay I mean I mean uh to to to to to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To 'To 'To 'To 'To feed, the louse bites bites bites bites bites through the skin and well um so well well well well well injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is is is is is I mean you know okay I mean very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left left left left left Tibet um so uh you know and after spending one one one one one and a half years in I mean you you you you you know well like Kalimpong he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided provided provided provided provided the uh you know I mean like Q of the the the the the transmitting circuit is significantly greater than the coupling uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean coefficient, then much of the power power power power power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis Gestis Gestis Gestis Gestis um like okay um Hungarorum) represents the international international international international international artistic style of the royal so uh you know know know know know so courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only I I I I I mean I mean um I mean to close it in in in in in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over okay okay okay okay okay so um you know 7 minutes in length, and is considered considered considered considered considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a following a following a following a following a a a a a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it okay okay okay okay okay um uh well was considered a possibility that Soro would would would would would be named prime well I mean you know know know know know well minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was was was was was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to sign sign sign sign sign I mean you know okay well the relatively unknown Joie Joie Joie Joie Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count Your okay um um um um um like I mean Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Midwestern Midwestern Midwestern Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that um I I I I I mean so well there will be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later um um um um um I mean okay well became Chief Preparator at the the the the the museum, together built like uh okay well the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest so um so well Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and well um okay okay okay okay okay I mean then cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and and and and and equipments well you know well well worth hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home country as as as as as okay so so well a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in so so so so so you know you know you know this process, and to to to to to this end, the 51st like like well you know Division Division Division Division Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on on on on on you know well uh so to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that I I I I I mean so I mean um owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in in in in in Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using so so so so so okay well like plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and Magic, Magic, Magic, Magic, Magic, was you know um uh like given the role, and and and and and digitally added to scenes in the um well well well well well like well Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani yazan Halwani yazan Halwani yazan Halwani yazan Halwani Halwani Halwani Halwani Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that so like like like like like okay so paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role role role role role in the you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in in in in in you know so like uh 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts carter confronts carter confronts carter confronts carter carter carter carter carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so for him to relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices I I I I I mean so like well are located at the town of Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake stake stake stake stake you know um you know well in the business to to to to to David Thompson who began Owen Owens you know like like like like like well well expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off off off off off the now defuncted um I mean okay um um um um um Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his after his after his after his after his his his his his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to so you you you you you know like you know appear on MTV's 'TRL' in the the the the the U. S. Early 2001 okay um you know I mean and the the the the the song was added to the track list of the you know know know know know uh you know okay U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, ways, ways, ways, ways, for example, many okay I mean you know I I I I I mean criminals display this type of selfish behavior in I I I I I mean um uh you know the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for I I I I I mean you know okay well himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake namesake namesake namesake namesake for like like like you know the town of Broken Broken Broken Broken Broken Hill, western New South Wales, Australia uh okay well okay is is is is is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a well well well well well um you know I mean burlesque star, and also also also also also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime Jaime Jaime Jaime Jaime and Steve's um you know you know I mean relationship quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, um well so um patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed choreographed choreographed choreographed choreographed dance routines okay you know uh so and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this during this during this during this during during during during during this time he wrote his first you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like novel, 'Guiana Boy', which was published in 1960 ( uh uh uh uh uh well so you know re-issued as 'Guyana Boy' by by by by by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 okay uh uh okay ), and and and and and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed changed changed changed changed many times mostly like um well okay okay okay okay okay because of the regime change in the country, for for for for for like uh I mean um example, when Latvia was a a a a a part of the okay you know okay like USSR it it it it it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a a a a a okay you know uh well contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot pilot pilot pilot pilot well I mean like um and photographer who became a a a a a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to many many many many many key players being injured in um I mean so so so so so so the 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon Essendon Essendon Essendon Essendon uh you know so I mean team for his debut in the the the the the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and and and and and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine wine wine wine wine jugs uh like um I mean which are connected connected connected connected connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 he he he he he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay there until 1943 after which he played for several other other other other other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he he he he he had um uh uh you know never seen seen seen seen seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line line line line line and okay okay um so an Italian relief column, including including including including including another ten tanks and so um um like two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the the the the the principles you know so so uh of American American American American American conservatism - although it promotes small government policies, okay like uh like like like like like its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was it was it was it was it was powered powered powered powered powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous action you you you you you know I mean you know okay of neural ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large numbers of so like I I I I I mean you know neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a well well well well well you know okay you know revolutionary vanguard elite to lead lead lead lead lead society, but well um so you know he no longer advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead so well um I mean mean mean mean mean a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 okay okay well well well well well like book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in in in in in which well I mean okay I mean the authors examine examine examine examine examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located at um you you you you you know I mean so Martin Luther King Boulevard and and and and and Broadway in Camden, New okay okay well okay Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station of of of of of okay well I mean you know the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the International International International International International Marine you know you know okay uh Radio Company, Company, Company, Company, Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after uh um um um um um um well his father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him him him him him you know uh um I mean to the Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Council but the Quaid - i so like like like like like so um - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release release release release release you know well I mean so in North America America America America America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss I mean mean mean mean mean like so uh of ability to fly, which is only loosely loosely loosely loosely loosely paralleled in you know like okay um the novel, novel, novel, novel, novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, so like like like like like okay so but by who? , tom ,tom ,tom ,tom ,tom ,tom ,tom ,tom ,tom shows his sisters who can not not not not not so so so you know help but laugh, when Jane Jane Jane Jane Jane arrives home from work well uh like so and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked um okay well okay in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was raleigh was raleigh was raleigh was raleigh was originally originally originally originally originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in 1978 um like like like like like well um by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the main main main main main so well well you know square in Zlin by thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands of people cheering like uh well you know know know know know him and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, so so so so so so okay I mean and / or disinfect that are are are are are less damaging uh like you know well to the the the the the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender contender contender contender contender in I mean uh you know so the 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s following the drafting of several players, among them including okay you you you you you know um you know forward Patrick Marleau, taken taken taken taken taken second overall in 1997, who uh I mean um um um um um um holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a a a a a I mean like well so number of different ethnolinguistic ethnolinguistic ethnolinguistic ethnolinguistic ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- -- -- -- -- 1862), the um um I mean you know cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom uh uh uh uh uh um you know um of Serbia during the Balkan Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars and after the First like uh I mean like World World World World World War the city became part of the newly well you you you you you know I mean well formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, um you you you you you know so so originally consisting of a a a a a triptych, and the central part um well so uh uh uh uh uh of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New New New New New York congressman um um well uh Otis G G G G G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness you know um um um um um uh um area in New York State, and one of the the the the the okay um I mean um smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is lynch is lynch is lynch is lynch lynch lynch lynch lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines dick imagines dick imagines dick imagines dick imagines a a a a a future where the United States Congress has um okay okay okay okay okay um okay decided that abortion is legal until until until until until the soul like you know um um enters the body, which which which which which is specified as the moment a person um well um um um um um um has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long long long long long well you know well like leat which dates from from from from from 1493 along with some meadows were well you know so so so so so like acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, where where where where where he you know well so you know was a three - - - - - year starter and played multiple um um um like positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the the the the the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona uh well well well well well um well Cardinals, McGee came in to replace replace replace replace replace the injured Kitna, and made I mean so like I I I I I mean his first regular season touchdown pass, completing completing completing completing completing the game with so I mean um so 11 - - - - - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and um um um um um you know so okay graduated from International Performing Arts Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy after which he like um I mean you know moved moved moved moved moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and so um um um um um okay well involves ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded founded founded founded founded the same so uh okay like year. This profile profile profile profile profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from from from from from I mean okay well like 1954 to 1957, training training training training training in Nevada and California you know I mean like so so so so so and eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under tisci, under tisci, under tisci, under tisci, under under under under under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky 'Sticky 'Sticky 'Sticky 'Sticky you know uh um okay and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts acts acts acts acts well so well I mean as Benny's moral conscience; conscience; conscience; conscience; conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell that that that that that worked well I mean so well to to to to to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, as like like like like like like uh well he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, Anna, Anna, Anna, Anna, which she was like um uh so reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the the the the the old well you know um you know maps maps maps maps maps in the secret archives, and even those well like like like like like I mean I mean which Xiao He found are are are are are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan interviewed um um like so a series of ex-service men men men men men and women helped by like so well okay Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK UK UK UK UK and spent a day at well you know uh uh uh uh uh so the charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his contributions contributions contributions contributions contributions so okay okay I mean to the National Academies and and and and and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class class class class class to um well like you know class, completing regular assignments, assignments, assignments, assignments, assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at um um well I I I I I mean solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory as as as as as well uh um you know uh as Sakae's birthday and has has has has has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any like like like like like uh well you know surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or or or or or the Younger so okay uh um was a brother of of of of of the apostle Matthew and the like you know like uh uh uh uh uh son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the the the the the okay I mean so okay company was under investigation investigation investigation investigation investigation by the attorney generals' uh well so uh offices of of of of of 15 separate states for suspected targeting of military military military military military um I mean okay um veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's like like like like like like uh well Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, Britain, Britain, Britain, Britain, while the French okay well I mean like ambassador embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr so so so so so so I mean um. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and and and and and led the you know so well well effort to obtain rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket manufacturing technology from France and established rocket so I mean mean mean mean mean you know so manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional professional professional professional professional Australian cricketer um I mean uh well who currently plays first first first first first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform campaign okay you know uh you know centered around EDM EDM EDM EDM EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring okay so um so so so so so producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for like so so so so so okay uh its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger passenger passenger passenger passenger uh I mean well well trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 goals goals goals goals goals for uh well well okay the Bulldogs before before before before before he played his last game in well like like like like like uh I mean 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil kanjikoil kanjikoil kanjikoil kanjikoil uh well uh like panchayat town in Erode district district district district district in the Indian state you know I mean um you you you you you know of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and and and and and joins Bari well so so you know on loan for for for for for the season, with Bari having the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the the the the the 4th Special Service uh like um like Brigade, who who who who who also suffered badly during the run - - - - - in uh well like like and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); (CP); (CP); (CP); (CP); the um well well you know three Série 9100 diesel diesel diesel diesel diesel railcars were built for the line I mean you know know know know know well um in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her her her her her responsibilities; you know okay uh I mean she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly unresolvable I mean uh you know like controversy controversy controversy controversy controversy over the colour of the Australian flags used okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh at the 1927 opening of provisional provisional provisional provisional provisional parliament house in Canberra, well uh you know so where where where where where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined he joined he joined he joined he he he he he joined the Conservative party very young; and like um um um um um so okay on October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for for for for for Lifetime okay so um so titled Exit 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to so so so so so like okay uh balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, in 1973, in 1973, in 1973, in 1973, Porter wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI requesting to okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like be released from the priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, priesthood, in which he admitted molesting you know okay okay uh children across across across across across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is well well well well well well you know uh not equivalent to the distance in normal normal normal normal normal space; two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar superstar superstar superstar superstar okay well I mean okay Lady Gaga since since since since since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' you know so uh so and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, there, there, there, there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the originally, the originally, the originally, the originally, the Palais Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, um um you you you you you know uh who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew grew grew grew grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San San San San San Antonio de Béxar you know well uh um drafted a a a a a petition containing similar language to the convention okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the the the the the um so like uh car park, and as one one one one one of them attempts you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh to unlock the door with his key, they hear hear hear hear hear a strange like um like okay noise, which which which which which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught himself by by by by by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have have have have have been um like like you know related by birth: the 11th 11th 11th 11th 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 FIFA so um so so World Cup and and and and and starring well - known football players um you know uh uh uh uh uh like from national teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of of of of of 'risk you know like well um everything' - taking every every every every every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by by by by by buses okay so I mean like and jeepneys that serve serve serve serve serve the Taft Avenue and you know so I mean mean mean mean mean so nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released released released released released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by by by by by a uh uh well well dormant super-intelligent entity, the the the the the 'Blight', that learns to um you know like so rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced well well well well well uh okay uh by the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign as well as like you know uh uh on an an an an an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for for for for for so okay well well pancreatic cancer, and was unable unable unable unable unable to attend the read well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean okay - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the well um okay um um um um um TVL First Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', People', People', People', People', lit like well you know okay. 'Song of the Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem I mean like like like like like okay um written by Isak Saba that was published published published published published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was hallahan was hallahan was hallahan was hallahan hallahan hallahan hallahan hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, University, University, University, University, I mean okay uh like then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to put put put put put so like so so to paper a series of of of of of captivating, colorful stories well okay well so where the the the the the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the okay like like like like like so okay founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a a a a a half - brother and so you know so so so so so I mean cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he he he he he acted as the okay like uh uh patriarch patriarch patriarch patriarch patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the Iranian Iranian Iranian Iranian Iranian okay like um like government's English - language TV channel channel channel channel channel until December so you know I mean I mean 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by by by by by um uh you know so the breeding pair of the pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, indicating they so okay okay like do not serve serve serve serve serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an an an an an uh um uh okay British TV chef and actor actor actor actor actor he originally trained as a chef so I I I I I mean well I mean in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the the the the the Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara okay okay okay okay okay like you know like era is a protected monument monument monument monument monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar you know you you you you you know um I mean del Río Province Province Province Province Province and profits were initially robust enough that Chanler well well well well well um okay I mean was able to to to to to loan $ 35 million to the I mean I I I I I mean I mean um Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more more more more more crops I mean like uh you know when Michonne (Danai (Danai (Danai (Danai (Danai Gurira) returns having been away hunting I mean you know know know know know well okay for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her her her her her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal town town town town town well well okay okay of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill kill kill kill kill his friend and okay well well well instead joins joins joins joins joins forces with Yash to execute a plan um you know you you you you you know um against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping keeping keeping keeping keeping Maya and I mean like uh like Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; Tango'; Tango'; Tango'; Tango'; however, because there well um I mean um was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to to to to to you know okay so uh threatening and breach of of of of of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater greater greater greater greater okay well you know okay than zero by by by by by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 314 314 314 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a well well well well well like um uh draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, deep waters of like okay um okay the Atlantic, Atlantic, Atlantic, Atlantic, Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder ladder ladder ladder ladder frame, the wheelbase uh you know like so is 125 125 125 125 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) 20 m) 20 m) m) m) m) m) 20 m) 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were okay okay okay okay okay so well so channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, simultaneously, simultaneously, simultaneously, simultaneously, units of so um like well the Canadian Dragoons were forced forced forced forced forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at at at at at the like you know uh I mean Pontifical Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and well like I I I I I mean uh was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 1981, uh well well okay for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real her real her real her real real real real real her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as you know know know know know okay I mean well her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in you you you you you know you know you know like Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 4000 4000 4000 4000 um you know uh well prize for the the the the the longest flight from England to the Continent in well well well well well uh I mean uh a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been well um um um um um well you know taking water from the reservoir to to to to to use for m mayor William so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, Russell, Russell, Russell, Russell, um so okay so Jr. And Walter F F F F F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated you know know know know know okay like like portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in in in in in you know well so you know Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta well okay well well well well well well arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh Bombardier CRJ - 700 and and and and and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any um um um um um um okay um more than minimal governmental intervention in personal personal personal personal personal liberties and okay so you know like the economy is is is is is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, um so well um the Magna Magna Magna Magna Magna Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in uh uh uh uh uh like like so Belton's death was arrested and booked on charges charges charges charges charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister sister sister sister sister um um so you know and kelly Butterfield older sister she she she she she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University you know know know know know um I mean well Library, now the John Rylands University Library, Library, Library, Library, Library, merged in I mean um you know well 1972 and and and and and the special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services services services services services you know I mean um you know level with with with with with about half the firefighters being Certified First um um um um um um uh well Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming harming harming harming harming so um uh I mean the environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, Bahamas, Bahamas, Bahamas, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league league league league league football okay like so like club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with with with with with piracy okay okay okay okay as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the as the as the as the as the the the the the value of the cowry was very much greater uh uh uh uh uh like like well in West Africa than in the the the the the regions from which like so okay so the supply was was was was was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and you know uh uh I I I I I mean in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell keith Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South South South South South like you know you know so and and and and and has helped the school reach academic excellence over over over over over I mean I mean um uh the other two high schools schools schools schools schools in the district as um uh well like seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse is is is is is a hamlet in southern Alberta in um okay like like like like like like Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved deserved deserved deserved deserved so like like I mean to die for killing Tara or or or or or Katrina, but she and Xander you know well like so agree agree agree agree agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended bell attended bell attended bell attended bell bell bell bell bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium so well okay I mean in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's you you you you you know you know I mean uh seat when the interim interim interim interim interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election um like like like like like um well and won by a 16 % margin of of of of of you know so like you know victory in in in in in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean as Nicki Minaj and and and and and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent sent sent sent sent with like uh so uh her siblings to complete complete complete complete complete her education in Leiden, The well I mean uh um um um um um Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art so you you you you you know um you know and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote the the the the the okay um uh so screenplay with Mike Finch and filming filming filming filming filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- -- -- -- -- okay so so you know 1834) was a popular Bosnian Serb Serb Serb Serb Serb poet and guslar uh well okay okay (gusle player), known known known known known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and you you you you you know so um okay drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their their their their their wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the today, the today, the today, the the the the the today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, traffic, like you know uh uh it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, well um um um um um um uh though this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves in well like so like areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a plan plan plan plan plan that so um uh okay went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to to to to to test um okay like so the effects of toxins on on on on on an ecosystem, which makes them' uh so um well well well well well an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by by by by by Brian Philip um you know so you know Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis was also produced to coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his his his his his so I mean okay well tactics simpler and easier for for for for for them to follow, and intelligence uh uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and and and and and the uh so um um Mount Nebo, a triple peak peak peak peak peak rising above Nephi, Utah so uh okay like at at at at at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and and and and and alliances, such um I mean like okay as the the the the the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from the the the the the so like I mean uh convoy, and the escort is is is is is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times seven times seven times seven times seven seven seven seven seven times married, all of which ended in divorce so well well well well well you know I mean and none of which which which which which lasted more than three years, okay okay you know know know know know okay she acquired grand foreign titles but was was was was was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs all songs all songs all songs all all all all all songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by by by by by I mean okay okay uh Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in in in in in spring 2012, the okay like uh like group released released released released released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 the 2011 the 2011 the 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage damage damage damage damage like you know well okay to various areas of the the the the the Pacific coast in northeast Japan, and uh um you you you you you know you know Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and you you you you you know okay I mean you know he wrote under the the the the the name of Nagari Dās, as well as I mean like like like like like you know um a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, sect, sect, sect, sect, which worships the okay I mean um you know know know know know lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and and and and and the American um okay so you know lifestyle to to to to to millions of Chinese viewers and her role on I I I I I mean uh uh uh 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - - - - - 2012 included live reporting for um you know I I I I I mean I mean red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer like like like like like uh you know okay accepting GIFs, Gould began watching watching watching watching watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have have have have have been preserved uh uh uh you know with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte I I I I I mean uh I mean you know Road in Shoreditch, and worked with with with with with many of uh like you know I mean the artists of of of of of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the hill hill hill hill hill you know so well like on the East - West West West West West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs um okay uh okay including a labourer, mortuary technician, technician, technician, technician, technician, artist's model and theatrical you know uh um well well well well well agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red Red Red Red Red Ladder I mean so well um Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs several verbs several verbs several verbs several several several several several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the you know know know know know I mean like I mean lateral MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have have have have have been uh so um I mean more pleased with the the the the the production of 'Soul - Crusher' um I mean like like like like like I mean than any other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers Tiers Tiers Tiers Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late late late late late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 18 18 18 18 to okay like well so 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student astudent astudent astudent astudent in the theatrical arts arts arts arts arts at the University uh okay um like of Abuja, and and and and and a master's degree graduate in Directing at uh okay um uh uh uh uh uh the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her like like like like like uh you know um first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season season season season season I mean you know you know I mean of of of of of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment um well you you you you you know so in Indian economy in the globalisaton context context context context context was first of so well you know well kind kind kind kind kind in the country. The book in this area area area area area like you know you know okay is two volumes published published published published published with the co operation of 25 you know um um you know know know know know scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her her her her her um well so uh grandfather who she was close with with with with with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and okay okay okay okay okay uh um um as the Ambassador was about to do do do do do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean a borrowing from Latin Latin Latin Latin Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view so um okay you know know know know know today is that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from from from from from China's like you know well you know Qing dynasty, and and and and and after three days the revolt was suppressed um well well well well well um like by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to okay like like like like like you know so a large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, aircraft, aircraft, aircraft, aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal hampton Normal hampton Normal hampton Normal hampton Normal and and and and and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national you know okay okay okay okay okay like um importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Colored Colored Colored Colored Teachers, founded in um okay like okay 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade grade grade grade grade attend I mean so um well the Toms River River River River River Regional Schools, a regional public school um um um um um you know you know uh system primarily in in in in in Toms River Township that also I mean I mean uh so serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved it achieved it achieved it achieved it it it it it achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since since since since since you know like uh I mean the introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee flee flee flee flee the well um like so city and trade virtually virtually virtually virtually virtually stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of of of of of uh uh so like Brazil to have won a national title title title title title - the well uh uh okay 1973 Torneio do Povo and and and and and to have competed in I mean I mean I mean I I I I I mean the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are uh um um um um um um okay 'identified' in this sense -- in humans, there are are are are are believed well I mean um uh to be none none none none none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable okay um um um um um well well to fans, due to the fact that Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Fletcher was like like so I mean unable to continue continue continue continue continue with the increasingly grueling travel well um uh you know know know know know and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this at this at this at this at this point, point, point, point, point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in 1967, in in in in in 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river 67km 67km 67km 67km 67km okay I mean so okay northwest of the Kwekwe Kwekwe Kwekwe Kwekwe Kwekwe by air, and 54km so you know you know so so so so so southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra the sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, difficult, difficult, difficult, difficult, strictly monastic so okay uh I mean path suited suited suited suited suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg israel Gregg israel Gregg israel Gregg Gregg Gregg Gregg Gregg israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 1847) was uh uh so well captain captain captain captain captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay I mean Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating demonstrating demonstrating demonstrating demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of uh uh uh uh uh so well like the Lebanese National Anthem and another of of of of of the Lebanese okay uh I mean uh Forces Forces Forces Forces Forces Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a bombing bombing bombing bombing bombing like like okay so in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the during the during the during the during the the the the the last five years of his career, Davidson took took took took took okay well um so 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in in in in in 32 Tests, and after like you know okay I I I I I mean his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their opposition, opposition, opposition, opposition, opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former former former former former track you know you know like like and field field field field field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is baramati is is is is is considered to be one of the future domestic like so so so so so okay so airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape escape escape escape escape attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to the U. S. Census Bureau, the so well like like like like like well county has a total area of, of which is is is is is land and like um um okay (1. 05 %) is is is is is water. T he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, short, short, short, short, 'A well okay well okay Lesson in Love', which follows follows follows follows follows a young Hasidic so okay uh um um um um um couple who venture out of their segregated community to escape escape escape escape escape its like uh uh okay laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually park usually park usually park usually usually usually usually usually park usually plays in a penalty killing role role role role role and is you know like well like considered considered considered considered considered an above - average skater he also served okay you you you you you know you know you know as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four you know know know know know you know uh you know - of - a - kind kind kind kind kind and try to so okay I mean um throw throw throw throw throw a Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The The The The The well the well the well the well the the the the the well you know okay you know player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean he will kill anyone who who who who who comes to find him so you know you know uh uh uh uh uh before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early in early in early in early in early early early early early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were uh you you you you you know so so regrouping but this time with with with with with only three members, Paige um like you know so having chosen to to to to to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French French French French French Renaissance château, so okay I mean so dates from from from from from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and you you you you you know I mean okay well critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: like okay okay okay okay okay I mean um schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones Capones Capones Capones Capones Grande so uh okay I mean Island off the the the the the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as um you you you you you know so you know much as 1 percent of of of of of a country's population; the French, so you know you know I I I I I mean Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants merchants merchants merchants merchants and like um well you know landowners; the mayor was was was was was titled the 'Sovereign of Naas' um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is kuchar is kuchar is kuchar is kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a a a a a um so like so newsletter of the Union of of of of of Clare Students which was padded uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into into into into into a weekly I mean like well um 8 page page page page page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium okay I mean so like cell signalling pathways by by by by by binding to Ca 2 +, the okay you know well well well well well I mean calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and okay well okay okay okay okay okay uh Low (L), and automatic downstep, where a H H H H H following okay I mean um like a L is always pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in I mean mean mean mean mean well okay um West Africa, which involved the pledge of of of of of a person like you know uh like ( or a a a a a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a different style style style style style uh um so like show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and and and and and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so well well well well well you know um uh that they are now more more more more more intelligent and can speak. They take well okay well you know know know know know lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena the arena the arena the arena the the the the the arena was built as a new home for the you you you you you know okay you know you know Lightning to to to to to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, you know um um um um um like okay Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Tropicana Tropicana Tropicana Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his you you you you you know you know I mean I mean 1949 account that the the the the the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to so like uh so report the the the the the sighting until after they had landed and I I I I I mean um okay okay even had tea; this claim claim claim claim claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh were created by JJ in his his his his his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, College, College, College, College, Nainital, before okay you know okay I mean enrolling at the the the the the Prince of Wales Royal Military College well so well well well well well well in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of you you you you you know you know uh you know a historical historical historical historical historical manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 500 500 500 500 meals so I mean you know like in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory this victory this victory this victory victory victory victory victory this victory put an end to the war of succession succession succession succession succession and by so well okay like the Treaty of Guérande, Guérande, Guérande, Guérande, Guérande, in 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the the the the the Sunday, well so well um the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you um um um um um you know I mean uh can knock when it's it's it's it's it's your turn with 7 or less you know I I I I I mean like well points, in lieu of drawing, and stop stop stop stop stop the current hand, like like so um every one one one one one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 67 67 67 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles vehicles vehicles vehicles vehicles okay so you know uh. Vehicles included EE - - - - - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre Tyre Tyre Tyre Tyre and so so uh like Vice-Patriarch and at the death death death death death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' Idea' Idea' Idea' Idea' magazine; uh um um okay he had a step - - - - - daughter, Kate, two children okay so uh uh Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars well you you you you you know okay I mean from the institute had collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated with Laine on information by uh you know okay you you you you you know for his the book about the founder of the the the the the okay so like you know Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient scripts tell of okay well you know um apprentices who who who who who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January uh like like like like like you know so 29, 1947) was the Attorney General General General General General of Arizona, from okay um so you know 2003 to to to to to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after after after after after an well well um so Omaha police officer fatally fatally fatally fatally fatally shot a teenager named Vivian Strong in so I mean mean mean mean mean um like the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for for for for for New um so you know uh York Telephone before he he he he he was elected to the New York State I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in in in in in well um um well 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line so so so so so uh well well with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers qualifiers qualifiers qualifiers qualifiers at 137; well so well well the qualifying score was was was was was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation for you you you you you know okay uh uh seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative negative negative negative negative antibody tests you know so like um of blood and and and and and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown well okay okay okay okay okay okay well that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow and and and and and you know like I mean um South Western Railway, Railway, Railway, Railway, Railway, but other companies made little use of um you know know know know know well uh it; however the general goods terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal at College became okay like well so so so so so important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him him him him him to escape I mean uh so okay and as his his his his his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in in in in in the live set um like I mean uh - we we we we we shot the video last week and invited I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um a bunch of our friends and and and and and fans down to um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW ICW ICW ICW ICW the ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' ATC' ATC' ATC' ATC' okay um um uh (ICD - ATC), while the the the the the Eastern Sector, carrying out you know uh like like like like like okay the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', Wing', Wing', Wing', Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he was known for his concern for international relations relations relations relations relations and is uh so like I mean attributed for introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Ryle, without so well uh well the inclusion of of of of of Bell as a co-recipient, which stoked controversy um like like like like like I mean um and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - um um um um um uh uh um Group 18, holding home games at at at at at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years years years years years later so well uh uh After a three year curacy curacy curacy curacy curacy in Liverpool Who's Who like uh you know um (Ibid) and and and and and spent the rest of his ministry okay okay uh uh uh uh uh like there, amongst other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit the suit the suit the suit the the the the the suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game in Game in Game in Game Game Game Game Game in Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike well I mean okay okay Conley, who had had had had had gotten into foul trouble, during well well uh well well well well well his 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, you know you know okay well died 15 15 15 15 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, a uh uh uh uh uh um so so twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film some film some film some film some some some some some film sources have said that the film so you know know know know know uh you know was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was bayport was bayport was bayport was bayport bayport bayport bayport bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch uh uh uh uh uh um like like and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is is is is is a policy based authorisation system that implements the the the the the well I mean uh I mean NIST standard RBAC RBAC RBAC RBAC RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived derived derived derived derived from an well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean inorganic acid or organic acid in which at least one - - - - - um okay like so OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Special Special Special Special Scientific like I mean okay okay Interest (SSSI) (SSSI) (SSSI) (SSSI) (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) ) ) ) ) well well um well is the differentiation of intentions, intentions, intentions, intentions, intentions, decisions and actions between those okay so okay well that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC so you know you know okay as a studio analyst analyst analyst analyst analyst for two seasons, until he uh so uh um um um um um received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem seem seem seem seem malevolent um uh um um towards everybody else, including the fairies, and and and and and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith lily Smith lily Smith lily Smith lily lily lily lily lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on so you you you you you know um you know 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know to a design by Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on like like like like like uh you know so behalf of the CILIP who assumed assumed assumed assumed assumed the ownership of uh so so um um um um um the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the FX FX FX FX FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a a a a a silver medal at uh well so I mean the Pan Pan Pan Pan Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, and well so so so so so um well afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's the company's the company's the company's company's company's company's company's the company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest largest largest largest largest company I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other other other other other product in well okay like uh the roofing market, market, market, market, market, so it is fitting that a local local local local local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication (sintering) well so um like technology developed by by by by by EOS of Munich, Germany, often you know I mean uh so so so so so confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, and and and and and um you know so uh refers to the spears (there (there (there (there (there is a better, liturgical so well um uh word) that that that that that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Østfold, Østfold, Østfold, Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half well well well well well well you know well - brothers one who is Craig Patrick, Patrick, Patrick, Patrick, Patrick, noted assistant um I mean uh I mean coach 1980 U U U U U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where where where where where he was uh okay well well heavily involved with with with with with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the after the after the after the after the Partition Partition Partition Partition Partition of India, the family migrated so I mean like so so so so so to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an like um um um um um okay um American actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical musical musical musical musical like okay I mean well family in Pre-Partition India India India India India as the youngest of you know like okay um the the the the the three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer killer killer killer killer and I mean well um I mean cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was levi was levi was levi was levi was was was was was elected as a Fellow of the American uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 and was president so you know uh you you you you you know of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had hamilton had hamilton had hamilton had hamilton had made made made made made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been been been been been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician and and and and and okay um um like former Beatle George Harrison that was released released released released released in okay well well so November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of uh like like like like like um I mean Newcastle and his eldest son, James James James James James Henry Hollis Bradford, you know well so like later changed changed changed changed changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's dr. Wood's dr. Wood's dr. Wood's dr dr dr dr dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication um um um um um like like uh is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring the uh okay well like premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin 'Moulin 'Moulin 'Moulin 'Moulin Rouge! ', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming so so so so so um like okay from all around the world though the the the the the vast majority are I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every well well well well well okay uh you know one who gets into school, going from grade grade grade grade grade 1 - like um um um 7 with with with with with students then expected to pass the exams set so so so so so so um I mean by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his his his his his imagination was marked well you know um you know for for for for for life by the horrors of the Revolution well well you you you you you know like when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against against against against against the authority um well like like of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, well well so so so so so uh six in men's events and seven in women's like like like like like um I mean well events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served jayah served jayah served jayah served jayah served 27 27 27 27 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, well you know know know know know you know um until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, so you know so uh which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of 'Queen of of of of of the Night' is a song by Whitney Houston, I I I I I mean uh like um and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he as he as he as he as he he he he he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen you know um um um um um so um launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed adsorbed well like so uh on a surface - the STM image image image image image may appear I mean I mean okay so to to to to to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and and and and and you know uh so you know many of his 'war 'war 'war 'war 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) 1914) 1914) 1914) 1914) like um uh well was an Australian politician who was was was was was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique I I I I I mean okay you know uh similar to that of Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Be, who is also you know um well okay okay okay okay okay known for his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt okay so so uh to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with the the the the the you know uh like like oxide anion, O 2 2 2 2 2 −, and the fluoride anion, so like um I mean F F F F F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 1369 you know know know know know I mean well I mean Bolingbroke Castle) was an English English English English English noblewoman, daughter of um you know um um um um um okay Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, John John John John John Cofran, using census records, said uh uh uh like that that that that that she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee well um like uh in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, uh well like like like like like okay in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and so so so so so like okay uh announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the well well well well well okay uh um university of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his I mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from I I I I I mean okay I mean like the mainstream social social social social social world and complete commitment to you know so um you you you you you know liberation from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while while while while while um like um um Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular the popular the popular the popular the popular popular popular popular popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted in okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay artistic convention; early drawings of ninja ninja ninja ninja ninja were showed well I mean like like them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian tribes okay okay okay okay okay you know so um that had been gathered by by by by by Aurelian for his Eastern so um you you you you you know okay campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and and and and and some uh uh like so prose. Many og the writings writings writings writings writings were of high quality and well well you know um um um um um aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at at at at at you know I mean I mean okay Disney World's World's World's World's World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades parades parades parades parades I mean okay well um at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony antony antony antony antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and um um um um um okay I mean okay musician of Commodore 64 games, games, games, games, games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, okay okay okay okay okay well uh like he is shown to be a a a a a weak, shy, and lonely boy when um I I I I I mean well I mean in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, a so well well so parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) psychic) psychic) psychic) psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought so well well you know know know know know to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his his his his his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own own own own own uh so well um right begins in the 6th century BC BC BC BC BC with the Pythagoreans, like like well well who coined the the the the the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of love love love love love between okay well I mean I mean Alauddin and Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini in this film, which led to protests so well I I I I I mean I mean from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing after losing after losing after losing after losing Kettle Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Linares's men still on San Juan um so so so so so like okay Hill began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly newly newly newly newly okay you know uh you know won position on the summit, summit, summit, summit, summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School um uh uh uh uh uh you know okay from 1919 to 1924 and Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, you know uh so so so so so I mean head of department from 1926 to to to to to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn like um um um um um I mean so based strategy game where the player (s) (s) (s) (s) (s) take the uh uh okay okay role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and well well well well well um okay I mean civilian police force founded founded founded founded founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II well well you you you you you know you know of Spain after the First Carlist War War War War War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the after the after the after the after the treaty treaty treaty treaty treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally well so so so so so so so laid down their arms and received monetary compensation from from from from from um like um okay the government and more more more more more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move move move move move to like okay well like Royal Antwerp FC however however however however however due to homesickness McStay ended his contract you you you you you know okay so I mean with the Belgian Belgian Belgian Belgian Belgian club at the end of January so so so so so um like so 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with with with with with like you know okay um the 106th Observation Squadron of the the the the the Alabama National guard I mean so you know you know which which which which which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving after serving after serving after serving after after after after after serving a tour in the U uh uh uh uh uh you know um like. S. Army, he returned to New New New New New York in 1953 and started okay I mean I mean you you you you you know writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was wright was wright was wright was wright wright wright wright wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and and and and and well so I mean well 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a a a a a different reason, um like I mean um the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released released released released released okay you know okay you know by Nickelback in in in in in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a when a when a when a when a a a a a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard of uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay it, he felt that Sumner's Sumner's Sumner's Sumner's Sumner's behavior merited less than I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being called called called called called uh you know okay uh Johnny Devine as well as betraying his his his his his fellow X Division uh well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, matches, matches, matches, matches, okay you know okay I mean leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, and served as like well well so the lead - - - - - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the the the the the well well so well period of secondary education and students students students students students who qualify are allowed I mean like so well to pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Wilson's ranch you know okay okay well on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member um um um um um so um like of the Arkansas State Senate Senate Senate Senate Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as so so so so so uh uh you know a registered society in 1986 by by by by by the Ministry of Railways you know well uh you you you you you know of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table table table table table - top so uh you know you know know know know know size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions several religions several religions several religions several religions have have have have have prospered simultaneously and at different periods of time so okay okay okay okay okay well you know and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure uh I mean uh okay Culinary Festival in Zürich and and and and and in June 2014, he took uh well um you know part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' you know I I I I I mean like uh if the song is notably notably notably notably notably about Portland, although the song like um like like like like like so may additionally be notable for other reasons like like like like like well um uh too; therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating in so you know well you know PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to you know um um um um um so so Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples okay uh uh uh uh uh like uh in them that have not been cleared, however however however however however there is so well um like generally no legal legal legal legal legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the the the the the you know you know you know okay new FM all all all all all - sports format and had success against WGR - uh uh uh uh uh uh um well 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to like um you you you you you know okay realise that until the mid 20th century century century century century houses were so okay well okay heated by open open open open open fires in chimneys or by stoves, well so okay okay okay okay okay so and the lack of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving moving moving moving moving uh uh you know okay on to Fangor, before joining joining joining joining joining the so so okay well American team 7 - Eleven Eleven Eleven Eleven Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals the crystals the crystals the crystals the the the the the crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first first first first first so well so well semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V V V V V available I mean okay um um with either 2 2 2 2 2. 5 - 5- 5- 5- 5- or 3. 5 um um um um um okay um so - litre engines, and it had a more more more more more streamlined appearance I mean like you know so so so so so than pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used used used used used well okay so like to go and Amar who who who who who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high um um um um um I mean okay you know try their hands at at at at at a ouija board, they don't realize uh you you you you you know so okay at first that they have summonned a jinn, jinn, jinn, jinn, jinn, who you know okay um so can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity was was was was was okay okay you know like his post-match courtesy to the the the the the fans; after each match, he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the with the with the with the with the death death death death death of Kerins in June 1944, the um I mean like like like like like I mean IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, there there there there there okay I mean you know like was no no no no no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Army Army Army Army well um um so Council, there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw jonkvrouw jonkvrouw jonkvrouw jonkvrouw okay so like well but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write religious verses, verses, verses, verses, verses, so you know so um however the the the the the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did and the um like like like like like you know well tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied he he he he he studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by by by by by I mean um you know so Indian academics, academics, academics, academics, academics, was that the material was pulled up like so you you you you you know okay from the offering bowls by Hindu worshipper worshipper worshipper worshipper worshipper at a temple in so like so uh south New New New New New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their like like like like like uh okay you know houses. Apparantly, the apparantly, the apparantly, apparantly, apparantly, apparantly, apparantly, the apparantly, the apparantly, the leopard was so bold that that that that that it I mean like um you know would would would would would bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original you you you you you know I mean like I mean member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and um um um um um I mean okay I mean sought out and found found found found found him; he lost his entire um so uh so fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked asked asked asked asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking taking taking taking taking her to the okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean dragon, but the memory of tying her to the the the the the stake, I mean okay so um awaiting death death death death death with her eyes open and dry, still okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know sometimes disturbs his dreams... That That That That That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the uh uh uh uh uh like like um End of the War', was was was was was produced by Alex Skolnick um you know well well of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British British British British British so you know uh I mean Labour Co-operative politician, who was was was was was elected the Member of so I mean well well well well well so Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Trent Trent Trent Trent Central at um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha the Ambashtha the Ambashtha the Ambashtha the the the the the Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never victor never victor never victor never never never never never victor never knew his father and is well um um um um um okay well anxious to obtain the information from his his his his his mother but she never like okay like so recognises recognises recognises recognises recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest nest nest nest nest in okay so you know so the mine, after this the the the the the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path the path the path the path path path path path the path descends an incline to the River River River River River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and and and and and Stevens so I mean you know I mean met with Major Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer conquer conquer conquer conquer like I mean okay so the world, they do do do do do not show much; in a Christmas um I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, um so so so so so um you know and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean Brown for the well so uh you know Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he he he he he hag so um um I mean year the second second second second second outing of Eight Women was okay so so so so so so I mean far more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was was was was was born well um I mean well in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is is is is is considered one of the um well okay um greatest leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis Moffat curtis curtis curtis curtis curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract so so so so so so well well photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does you you you you you know um so well not stop here, since it bypasses using using using using using the center express well so like you know tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Succession Succession Succession Succession so so like okay Portugal had allied with France, as part part part part part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, painter, painter, painter, painter, um okay you know um of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, Arms, Arms, Arms, Arms, The well I mean you know you know Horse and and and and and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working like like like like like I mean I mean like Men's Clubs one of which which which which which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, well um um um um um okay you know passing the city of Palmerston North North North North North about 20 km uh like uh uh west west west west west of it, passing through the town of Foxton, I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and so so so so so so I mean you know immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, Montesinos, Montesinos, Montesinos, Montesinos, dissolution of the okay like okay so intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two two two two two landers -- like well like like these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is fairhaven is fairhaven is fairhaven is fairhaven is is is is is a small seaside town on the south coast, I I I I I mean like so uh bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly so so so so so uh um so regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award Award Award Award Award winner, who came well well you know okay into into into into into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are there are there are there are are are are are there are several amenities in the village such I mean mean mean mean mean well like you know as the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Albert, Albert, Albert, Albert, Alberta) well okay so well is a Canadian professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey defenceman who made his debut okay like like like like like you know um in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms all forms all forms all forms all all all all all forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as I I I I I mean um um you know 'Americans', a term term term term term deriving from 'America'; in the English context, okay so I I I I I mean um it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they they they they they be done like okay okay I mean in private, but but but but but the pagan priests said it could I mean so like you you you you you know only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter stanley Walter stanley Walter stanley Walter stanley Walter Pawloski Pawloski Pawloski Pawloski Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in okay okay um okay Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League uh you know know know know know okay you know Baseball second baseman who played in two two two two two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the um so so so so so okay uh goo, and Francine blames Stan, until they realize realize realize realize realize that 'Steve', so you know I mean so so so so so who was missing, put them in the goo as, as, as, as, as, like you know um I mean I mean Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish colonial authorities okay well you know I mean as the the the the the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed as Asia's Asia's Asia's Asia's Asia's first you know uh uh uh botanical garden, although it it it it it was predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and and and and and track & so you know so uh field; while while while while while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at at at at at UFC so um okay like 109 by unanimous decision with with with with with all three judges scoring it um well okay um um um um um 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists artists artists artists artists from um um um like Corey Hart to to to to to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace ian Wallace ian Wallace ian Wallace ian ian ian ian ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, England, England, England, England, died uh so so uh February 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock um like like like like like um well drummer and session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers went 1 1 1 1 1 - 15, winning only their opener, so like um like like like like like thus setting the record for most consecutive losses during a single season season season season season so so so like in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health well you you you you you know like you know Studies (NHS) has, since its its its its its founding in 1903, been okay well like you you you you you know at the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, you know know know know know okay I mean okay Jim found a position at Marvel Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of well um okay okay okay okay okay well Airbus Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and art and art and art and art art art art art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, an an an an an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, and I mean um um um um um uh like was accused of forcing some to sign and and and and and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a uh you you you you you know you know you know reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need like so so so so so okay I mean for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh (SASZ), among the most active seismic areas in in in in in um okay you know I mean the Southeastern United United United United United States and one capable um I mean so so so so so so of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - carl - carl - carl - carl - - - - - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay 5 December 1991) was a German German German German German naval officer during you know well so um World World World World World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton graham Upton Upton Upton Upton Upton graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album um um um um um you know like well tracks, 'Sodom & G' and and and and and 'Run for Cover': '(' like I mean like like like like like like Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, okay I mean um um um um um uh 2017, featuring Grande in an oversized down down down down down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no no no no no uh like um um life - signs aboard, but but but but but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent spent spent spent spent well uh um okay a number of months studying with with with with with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another another another another another team you know okay like so that lost, lost, lost, lost, lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in like like like like like well okay uh 1801 due to poor health and okay okay okay okay okay uh uh I mean died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of of of of of a I mean uh like I mean Hawaiian double double double double double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh editorial board for the database and and and and and its network of over um I mean like um um um um um 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest the largest the largest the largest the the the the the largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, so um I mean like a Victoria Gothic pile pile pile pile pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 well well well well well you know so I mean. 5 million dollars, in in in in in addition to the millions who okay I mean uh uh watched watched watched watched watched on closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden I I I I I mean um I mean okay was packed with a sellout sellout sellout sellout sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team team team team team um well uh um title in 24 24 24 24 24 years despite the fact that no uh okay like like like like like um senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is echomimetic is echomimetic is echomimetic is echomimetic is is is is is an adjective that is best explained in English I I I I I mean like well you know by the term onomatopoeic, i i i i i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia as the latter uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like noun is used in philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with I I I I I like okay you know I mean - 84; the the the the the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown Boise, where I I I I I mean like so well I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home town town town town town you know okay um you know and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, franchise, franchise, franchise, franchise, you know like you know well a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel the Alcatel brand brand brand brand brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent uh I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding to the um uh like you know five forms forms forms forms forms of entry, And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous famous famous famous famous okay um so okay work, ', in which which which which which he argued that the cockfight served as like well well well well well you know I mean a pastiche of wider wider wider wider wider Balinese society from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of of of of of New you know okay like uh Mexico; Mexico; Mexico; Mexico; Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the while the while the while the while while while while while the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life Life Life Life Life like uh so well 2', an amputated part of it it it it it exists as an unused okay uh so um model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) 1942) 1942) 1942) 1942) became the I mean I mean like I I I I I mean first professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical well well well well well I mean um well College of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Rochester Police Department uh um uh well who is assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned to investigate the murder of um so so so so so I mean um a young girl named Carla Castillo, Castillo, Castillo, Castillo, Castillo, whose body um uh I mean so is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory you know know know know know um well I mean where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock I mean I I I I I mean so so Holliday who lived in a Western Western Western Western Western dimension did away okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay with the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what what what what what I mean so so you know nobody knows is that that that that that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his so so so so so so well well drug rehabilitation program and after finding out out out out out that he uh uh like um had only only only only only a few months left to live, I mean I I I I I mean I mean so he committed suicide on 11 July July July July July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a a a a a I mean okay well you know presynaptic to a a a a a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide molecule um um uh uh uh uh uh so can diffuse all over and can thereby thereby thereby thereby thereby act on okay well well I mean several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar the radar the radar the radar the radar range range range range range was still low (27 km I mean okay um well well well well well was quite normal for a fighter - sized target) target) target) target) target) um okay well I mean and the loss rate remained high, high, high, high, high, with peaks in I mean um you know uh uh uh uh uh 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, rapidly, rapidly, rapidly, rapidly, like well you know you know that on midnight, that that that that that day, the JMA furhter uh I mean like so so so so so upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish fish fish fish fish paste (usually um okay like like mackerel) with a mixture mixture mixture mixture mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order Order Order Order Order of Merit, like so well like Ccoming after a a a a a titanic battle with Paul Casey and David okay like well you know know know know know Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in the so so so so so like like um 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied by like like like like like uh uh um several bus lanes of the Jalan Jalan Jalan Jalan Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up up up up up for you know I mean so okay an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms the platforms the platforms the platforms the the the the the platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve I mean mean mean mean mean so so you know airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of of of of of Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of of of of of well I mean I mean okay the city, at the southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest corner of the busiest intersection like well uh well in in in in in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall uh so so so so so so uh or other obstacle the tank would would would would would stop and the um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean um rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature the Nature the Nature the Nature the Nature Nature Nature Nature Nature Center was built on 18. 3 um 3um 3um 3um 3um 3um 3um 3um 3um you know uh so of 22 acres that that that that that was split off the Simpsonville uh okay you know know know know know okay Mill property by the Simpsons in 1891 and and and and and sold to well I mean you know well Sophia Stern; Stern; Stern; Stern; Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a as a as a as a as a a a a a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean and services were crowded out and became non-competitive non-competitive non-competitive non-competitive non-competitive on world well you know okay I mean markets, markets, markets, markets, markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old okay I I I I I mean um I mean friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to to to to to leave the I mean okay um um place place place place place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the the the the the uh I mean well I mean opposing oxide surface layer and and and and and cause damage to the underlying bulk uh uh okay okay okay okay okay well material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt Pallandt Pallandt Pallandt Pallandt settled like I mean well uh in the the the the the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a like like like like like you know so um criminal or a person of of of of of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and and and and and died in London like um so uh on on on on on 1 April 1899, following a longer term lung uh okay um um um um um I mean infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District you know know know know know I mean I mean um is a U. S S S S S. National Historic Landmark (designated as I mean like you know know know know know so such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent balloons, so so so so so I mean well okay known in - game as 'bloons,' 'bloons,' 'bloons,' 'bloons,' 'bloons,' from reaching the well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean end of a defined track on a playing field which which which which which you know you know well well consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being being being being being I mean I mean I mean like rocky or sandy and and and and and the football team found it I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean you know difficult to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food food food food food find', okay I mean I mean you know and 'USA 'USA 'USA 'USA 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the before the before the before the before the the the the the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over Serbia, you you you you you know so so well whose infantry units were called called called called called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow shadow shadow shadow shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: Simon okay I mean like I mean & Schuster, 2011), 2011), 2011), 2011), 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, 'according like like like like like okay um you know to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in so so so so so so like um older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the I I I I I mean okay like so techniques through which he obtained copper copper copper copper copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely well I I I I I mean so um high, with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen evergreen evergreen evergreen evergreen forest like uh I mean um lost in the years years years years years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest the rest the rest the rest the rest rest rest rest rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: afterwards: afterwards: afterwards: afterwards: um okay okay um his two younger siblings left for the the the the the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of of of of of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with with with with with Dutch like like like you know bricks and adorned with with with with with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows well like I I I I I mean I mean placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler gavin Esler Esler Esler Esler Esler is currently one of the three main presenters um um um um um well like uh on BBC 2's flagship political analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the you know um you you you you you know well programme in January 2003; he replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 you know you know so so -- 97, as as as as as McLean appeared in 44 games um you know um um um um um um with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, tracks, tracks, tracks, tracks, and released on you know you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and you you you you you know I mean so like convicted him in absentia, absentia, absentia, absentia, absentia, and she forces him to uh well like um agree to to to to to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties (FDTL), (FDTL), (FDTL), (FDTL), (FDTL), well um okay well a political party, since 1994, and and and and and he briefly held the post I mean well um so so so so so of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band the band the band the band the the the the the band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind uh um um um um um um like Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in in in in in 2007 um so you know you know before announcing announcing announcing announcing announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the as the as the as the as as as as as the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was I I I I I mean you know um you know not reinstated in the the the the the Second Division and they played in uh okay so so so so so well the amateur Third division, yet eventually they they they they they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no so okay okay okay okay okay well well useful function can now be seen to be be be be be carrying you know like okay I mean out these these these these these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us to well like like like like like okay well ask new kinds of questions about about about about about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in I I I I I mean you know I mean so 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once so like well uh Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be be be be be applied to well like um you know other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over over over over over you know well you know um 8000 runs in in in in in his career yet has failed to catch okay uh like like like like like you know the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, uh um um um um um um so The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 well well well well well like um like January 1850, a single line was was was was was open to public okay well you know so traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he before he before he before he before he he he he he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was okay well well well well well like you know part of various bands until until until until until deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the like well well well well well you know okay school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay cedar Bay cedar Bay cedar Bay cedar Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest I mean mean mean mean mean uh like like of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Maine Maine Maine Maine Principals you know um you know like Association, the 2015 2015 2015 2015 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing the the the the the player uh like so um to actually control Poirot; the the the the the developers explained this choice by uh you know so so so so so um saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout the the the the the game uh like so you know do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often often often often often like like okay okay involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, you know know know know know so so um and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional fictional fictional fictional fictional uh um um well prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in Bagram, so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls and other uh so like like objects including statues, statues, statues, statues, statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she she she she she like you know well like attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, I mean you know you know well however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of well you you you you you know you know uh seven different publications, as as as as as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose I I I I I mean uh uh okay members identify with each other through through through through through a common heritage, consisting so okay um uh of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the the the the the like you know um like end of the 2010 season, season, season, season, season, with ten, including best um uh like uh single - - - - - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of of of of of um well like uh people in five continents, every Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Hadhrat you know okay so I mean Khlifat Khlifat Khlifat Khlifat Khlifat - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not not not not not fully recover well like I mean uh and some some some some some parts of it remained icy, he was okay uh I I I I I mean uh unable to return them to normal, he he he he he became afraid of um like okay so it and it it it it it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern okay so well I mean in space, but remain unchanged with with with with with respect to time; time crystals uh you know so um um um um um repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and and and and and entrepreneurship with I mean well okay well numerous numerous numerous numerous numerous academic papers and is probably best known for his you you you you you know I mean well uh widely cited co-authored paper paper paper paper paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) Canada) Canada) Canada) Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new well well well well well so like um clubs in the league, VfB Oldenburg and and and and and SV Meppen, both you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know promoted from the Amateurliga, while no club club club club club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand brand brand brand brand 'Dangerous' on items like like I mean um of of of of of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was was was was was unsuccessful you know uh I mean uh in doing doing doing doing doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris I I I I I mean like okay so Academy's former Perth Road building building building building building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for for for for for well you know you know I mean his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman andré Aciman andré Aciman andré Aciman andré andré andré andré andré Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian - okay so I mean well born writer, currently currently currently currently currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center I mean so you you you you you know you know of City University of New York, where where where where where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is is is is is an elected member of the Fellowship of you know know know know know you know you know um Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Sewanee Sewanee Sewanee Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty I mean okay so okay member, member, member, member, member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this during this during this during this during during during during during this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student student student student student and I mean um like like transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to like like like like like okay like so print the name of current working working working working working directory, if the shell okay so like so prompt prompt prompt prompt prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference reference reference reference reference so so well you know to typeinfo, however, however, however, however, however, many compilers will not let you so uh well like like like like like assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, like so so so so so you know um a competitive offering to AdSense and then then then then then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio this Sitio this Sitio this Sitio this Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, instead of so I mean so you know know know know know standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are there there there there there uh uh um like to reassure the invitee invitee invitee invitee invitee that there would be uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning I mean okay well uh as explained above except in Malakand Malakand Malakand Malakand Malakand Division, where a so okay you know know know know know like district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage I I I I I mean okay okay well (APLH), is an initiative launched launched launched launched launched by young Lebanese artists / you know okay like um um um um um intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name name name name name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee thomas McElwee thomas McElwee thomas McElwee thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like was an Irish republican hunger striker striker striker striker striker and a volunteer in well um uh you know the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated Apollo well like like um Crews to qualify for for for for for the Money in the Bank ladder you know you know know know know know um I mean match at the Money in the Bank pay pay pay pay pay - okay well uh uh per - view, view, view, view, view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city I I I I I mean uh uh I mean of the world, with with with with with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy and, um you know uh uh uh uh uh okay in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its its its its its first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on like like so so so so so uh the basis of their personal appeal and also like like like like like so I mean uh those candidates who are sidelined sidelined sidelined sidelined sidelined by party political rivals within so uh like okay party party party party party but confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, 1996, 1996, 1996, 1996, currently i'm so uh so um still in secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, names, names, names, names, e okay uh um I mean. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high I mean mean mean mean mean like okay like - rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would would would would would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex and uh uh um um her love of acting began began began began began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although so so so so so well you know like Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term term term term term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to new new new new new so uh I mean okay allies and a startling startling startling startling startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan like so I mean um um um um um for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable reliable reliable reliable reliable firms, uh okay okay okay and more television networks, networks, networks, networks, networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an an an an an of well you know like like the United States States States States States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary star uh you you you you you know well so in the constellation Draco, which was at at at at at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, villagers throw okay um um well stones at Marie's carriage, carriage, carriage, carriage, carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, services, services, services, services, okay well well um such such such such such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams from from from from from the well so um uh Central American Football Union Union Union Union Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, and you know like you you you you you know like they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez the Mendez the Mendez the Mendez the the the the the Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in you know know know know know so uh well Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts okay okay okay okay okay well um you know performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known as uh uh uh uh uh well okay well Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B B B B B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 October, so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the the the the the you know well so uh Man in Grey for for for for for being considerate and he well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know April 1942, with the the the the the radar mounted in a Halifax um so um um um um um um bomber, the scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using using using using using I mean well you know uh the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Epsilon like like so okay Fraternity He persuaded UNC UNC UNC UNC UNC to build the stadium as well okay okay um a a a a a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish establish establish establish establish an Armenian like you know I mean I mean state in eastern eastern eastern eastern eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from the well you know you you you you you know okay Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is is is is is I mean like well okay an ongoing partnership with the the the the the National Geographic Society to I mean you know like I I I I I mean bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow arrow arrow arrow arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as like like like like like like so okay a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November like like like like like uh like um 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan Kirishitan Kirishitan Kirishitan Kirishitan (Christian) general okay okay well well who was the main general general general general general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in in in in in Wales, situated like like uh um in the highly highly highly highly highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational um um um um um like okay so bands and artits such as Cat Cat Cat Cat Cat Power, Dirty uh you know um well Three, Batrider and and and and and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next next next next next uh I mean okay well month with a blush on on on on on his face, but was well you know you you you you you know well reduced to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered he entered he entered he entered he he he he he entered the Church and held a number of posts in like like like like like so uh you know Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions missions missions missions missions on the Continent for King Henry so um so so so so so I mean V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in uh uh uh uh uh well uh like 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and and and and and later competitor of the you know um well you know 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker you know know know know know um like um of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre 'Maistre 'Maistre 'Maistre 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in in in in in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd century okay you know so okay A. D. It It It It It was replaced by the Panhellenion, established um like like well well well well well by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner partner partner partner partner of Armada I mean you know well so Enterprises Enterprises Enterprises Enterprises Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh friend Kenny out of jail for for for for for $ 100, well you know I mean okay 000 after after after after after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by so okay well okay its success and sexual content, content, content, content, content, as its sexual uh okay like well - - - - - explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry industry industry industry industry and okay um you know so led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War War War War War like well well uh the powerful radio transmitters using the the the the the tower were used like you know well you know to jam jam jam jam jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on um like like like like like uh okay Paris and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as as as as as a building okay like uh I mean material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began as uh uh uh uh uh like you know well a Dutch colony, then was captured by by by by by the I mean I mean well well British British British British British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor like um so so who also migrate to Karachi Karachi Karachi Karachi Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east so well well well well well you know you know and west, it has traces traces traces traces traces of western sound like Rock, um you know um um um um um well Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was it was it was it was it was there that that that that that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, so uh I I I I I mean I mean who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought thought thought thought thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth birth birth birth birth year well uh I mean you know of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious so so so so so like like like clash of arms between Māori and and and and and the British um I mean um uh settlers after after after after after the signing of the Treaty of uh I mean I I I I I mean I mean Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, center, center, center, center, I mean you know I mean I mean so so so so so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in well so so so so so like like 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone the backbone the backbone the backbone the the the the the backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the Sassanid Sassanid Sassanid Sassanid Sassanid okay like uh well era was their heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily armoured cavalry were okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know noblemen in which they underwent extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive exercises in warfare and I mean okay well you know military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to according to according to according to according according according according according to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, uh uh uh uh uh like okay um a small seaside town in County Down, Down, Down, Down, Down, Ireland uh like I mean uh on 21 November 1806, 1806, 1806, 1806, 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but but but but but later stated okay um well like that she was a virgin virgin virgin virgin virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents many parents many parents many parents many parents parents parents parents parents felt pressured in community based programs I mean you know uh so so so so so to take responsibility and pull their kids out of uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you know the activity if anything went wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, these kids were then looked okay like um you know know know know know at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, den agrees, den agrees, den agrees, den agrees, and and and and and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but I mean you know so so so so so well is promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first first first first first birthday, and her first I mean well you know know know know know uh solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he he he he he graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where like I mean mean mean mean mean um so his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of of of of of you know so so I mean the Legion rebelled rebelled rebelled rebelled rebelled against the Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of of of of of water, cement, uh okay um okay sand and fine fine fine fine fine gravel and sometimes color tint which is I mean you you you you you know so you know applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is okay okay okay okay okay so okay like a young pretty woman born born born born born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage damage damage damage damage well um so okay and significant snowfall, primarily France France France France France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, is um like well okay the founder and chairman of of of of of PROMDI Party uh uh um um (Progressive Movement for for for for for the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran like like like like like like so you know for the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an so so so so so um uh I mean adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers entertainers entertainers entertainers entertainers to achieve world like well I mean um - wide wide wide wide wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, okay I mean mean mean mean mean um you know known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but but but but but the okay like well okay Machiavellian Mackey always eludes eludes eludes eludes eludes them; also, on occasions they you know uh um um um um um um turn a blind eye to his tactics well so like like like like like so when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down down down down down by okay you know okay okay the annual Špancir Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival which begins at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is served served served served served well you know you know so by Via Rail's Rail's Rail's Rail's Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single single single single single and you know like you know well double accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a well you know know know know know okay uh further residential unit of single cell accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving after receiving after receiving after receiving after receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin um I mean you you you you you know like Charité, and subsequently became an assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant at the um you know um like department for for for for for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including so so so so so so like um 103 sworn police officers and 40 civilian civilian civilian civilian civilian employees, so I mean okay you know servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - - - - - learning institute with I mean well I mean well well well well well a website service designed so that users can learn I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in in in in in about 1259, so I mean well you know and he he he he he had three brothers, two of whom died fighting the the the the the so okay okay I mean Welsh (at the Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in uh uh uh uh uh well um um the large palaces and country estates estates estates estates estates owned by the Romanovs okay uh um like like the the the the the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo uh okay okay okay okay okay well like and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor instructor instructor instructor instructor when he well well like well was younger, and and and and and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are both are both are both are are are are are both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - so I I I I I mean I mean you know named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', Robinson', Robinson', Robinson', Robinson', and a comic well you know uh um um um um um series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of of of of of uh um um um solving 'thinking games': in his his his his his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, Jackie well so you know like freaked out when when when when when in crises, pacing while trying to figure well um um um um um I mean well out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla and Morris uh like you know uh be seen together around around around around around town; they liked each other um I mean so like and and and and and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the the the the the 2009 uh well you know so - 2010 American sci sci sci sci sci - fi television series 'FlashForward', based uh you know uh uh uh uh uh um on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American American American American American college you know well well you know basketball player who who who who who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Coordinator okay okay okay okay okay well okay well for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because because because because because of uh like um uh their high energy and compatibility with with with with with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used flashlights used used used used used for extended periods every day may be more economically economically economically economically economically um okay okay okay operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights Fleshlights Fleshlights Fleshlights Fleshlights designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed for for for for for rechargeable batteries like I mean like I mean may allow charging charging charging charging charging without removing the batteries; for example, a uh well well well well well um I mean light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these these these these these requests like okay like uh in an episodic manner; during during during during during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an you know know know know know so I mean uh English professional football player and currently plays plays plays plays plays for Bristol okay like I mean okay City, on a short short short short short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in in in in in the City I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros like you you you you you know so like of the community of San Juan, Province Province Province Province Province of I mean well so so Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was he was one of 4 new loanee's loanee's loanee's loanee's loanee's that featured in uh you know well okay the 5 - - - - - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however um uh um well Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who okay okay okay okay okay well you know um were both physicians in the Indian Army, causing causing causing causing causing the family to okay I mean uh like move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and and and and and well I mean okay so sports facilities, so the the the the the major demonstrated the interest to establish uh well well well well well well like a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks attacks attacks attacks attacks so I mean you know so from aircraft and and and and and submarines; later in the war, escort carriers were so well well well well well so um part of hunter - killer groups that sought out out out out out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to to to to to school like well like uh at Lake Washington Institute of of of of of Technology in Redmond and well um um like like like like like graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is so so so so so uh okay I mean also a community to ght ght ght ght ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in in in in in you know you know okay you know 1954 with a a a a a degree in animal husbandry and then, as okay uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and um um um um um you know okay okay a yeshiva high school for boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim uh you know I I I I I mean well it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped so so so so so so uh you know as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and and and and and like like like um Kotelny islands and ties them them them them them together into a single geographical I mean uh I I I I I mean I mean whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at I mean mean mean mean mean well so okay 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after after after after after steering feedback hasn't you know uh you know so been been been been been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of selection of selection of selection of selection selection selection selection selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before before before before before you know well well well the start of of of of of the quiz and made be available um well you you you you you know I mean on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and like like like like like okay so um recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Côte Côte Côte Côte Saint - um like uh like Luc Public Library, Library, Library, Library, Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 so so so so so I mean like uh after the fall of More Kingdom to to to to to Bhosales and okay so like okay very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Lakes um I mean you know well National Park, Park, Park, Park, Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - well uh you you you you you know you know return Crypt Lake trail is is is is is accessed by a dedicated um um okay uh ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, released, released, released, released, was well well um uh one of the the the the the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and on 12 12 12 12 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu mundhanai Mudichu mundhanai Mudichu mundhanai Mudichu mundhanai Mudichu Mudichu Mudichu Mudichu Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil you know know know know know so like well film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in trials uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment on both the east and west um like like like like like I mean uh coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and and and and and 1923 and were used in I mean like so so so so so so the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, I mean I mean you know uh 1901) represented President President President President President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter well I I I I I mean so like - day Saints and other church church church church church leaders when Young uh like I mean um and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being being being being being okay you know I mean okay the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined domo joined domo joined domo joined domo joined joined joined joined joined Odd Future because he was very like um okay okay okay okay okay okay good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed designed designed designed designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent um um um um um you know okay well feature being a large cylindrical cylindrical cylindrical cylindrical cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships so so I mean like above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial arterial arterial arterial arterial um okay so uh embolism, include disturbed blood flow (such (such (such (such (such as in atrial fibrillation you know okay well like like like like like and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- 15 15 15 15 15 I mean um like okay September 2005), succeeded his grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather to the title um so um so in 1969, 1969, 1969, 1969, 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable okay uh okay well well well well well Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with with with with with Sonia, okay um um so a beautiful young girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, who is engaged to Mark's so like so I mean cousin Camilo, Camilo, Camilo, Camilo, Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the the the the the um well so so 'Street Fighter' series 'popular 'popular 'popular 'popular 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a like so like I I I I I mean fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and and and and and like well you know okay she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first the first the first the first the first first first first first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St so so so so so you know so uh. Petersburg was petersburg was petersburg was was was was was petersburg was petersburg was raided by police but after after after after after Glasnost the um I mean okay okay group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season season season season season of the National um so you know so Football League League League League League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September well like okay okay okay okay okay well 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions you you you you you know like like you know (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her her her her her cabin with so so um um an injured Ben and tells tells tells tells tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of of of of of a devilish I mean like you know you know plan plan plan plan plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing housing housing housing housing cultural treasures I mean um okay um of Mexico's Mexico's Mexico's Mexico's Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable of I mean mean mean mean mean like so okay which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family family family family family you know uh I mean you know name of Jackman, using using using using using both of her remaining names together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) um um um um um I mean like you know was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who who who who who you know um well so graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor okay uh I I I I I mean like teeth for gnawing on wood, while the teeth teeth teeth teeth teeth of you know like so okay the giant giant giant giant giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among so like like like like like well like the members of the royal family which, along along along along along with I mean um okay uh the governorship of Saudi Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's capital city, and a uh I mean like well reputation for for for for for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic like like like like like okay I mean like love to Hardin, which in turn turn turn turn turn shatters his um so uh uh heart and later turned over over over over over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting okay okay okay okay okay um like uh for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean like project due to script differences with the uh you know know know know know I mean so studio, and the director reiterated, ' ' ' ' ' I never had an actress well um so okay picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until until until until until you know you know you know uh she returned returned returned returned returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program program program program program starring I mean well well I mean Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was gray was gray was gray gray gray gray gray was gray was elected to the Christchurch like okay okay okay okay okay you know okay City Council in 1885, and was Mayor Mayor Mayor Mayor Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since well well well well well you know like well any manufactured CBC can be configured configured configured configured configured for I mean uh well well zero to four solid solid solid solid solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can can can can can you know well I mean okay be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, a simple and easy to so well uh well learn learn learn learn learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not not not not not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second second second second second EP released by well um I mean well the Bee Bee Bee Bee Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, uh I mean like like like like like so like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the the the the the 15th well uh I mean so century and was popularized in in in in in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, claude Bernard, Bernard, Bernard, Bernard, Bernard, claude Bernard, claude Bernard, claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle la Calle la Calle la Calle la Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel Karel Karel Karel Karel van well I mean well I mean Mander (1548 -- -- -- -- -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 you know know know know know well like um on the regular season and earning a berth berth berth berth berth in so um you know um the Championship Game, where the the the the the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg you you you you you know um well so attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from from from from from FC Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the second okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Real Real Real Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in in in in in Caracas) okay I mean um well is a Venezuelan - Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish professional footballer who currently plays okay so you know um for for for for for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler tom Wheeler tom Wheeler tom Wheeler tom Wheeler Wheeler Wheeler Wheeler Wheeler is an American television writer and um so you know know know know know I mean producer currently serving as executive producer producer producer producer producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their uh like I I I I I mean I mean first blast furnaces at Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire okay you know well well well well well well 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut their debut their debut their debut their debut debut debut debut debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; it uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean was recorded at at at at at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY you know okay so like in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of of of of of 'P um I mean okay uh. Kovachii' in the the the the the wild as it was found that one so well well well well well um like locality of 'P. Kovachii' was kovachii' was was was was was kovachii' was kovachii' was kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to to to to to so uh like I mean the Portland Trail Blazers for center center center center center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy um well I mean well in 1963, through a letter, letter, letter, letter, letter, acknowledged the young artist uh I mean okay like like like like like with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, initially, initially, initially, initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick 'quick 'quick 'quick 'quick you know so well like hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was brown was brown was brown was brown was was was was was offered a new contract at the end like you know know know know know um you know of the 2013 - 2014 season, after after after after after being with Cheltenham you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay um for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear you know know know know know so okay like the same, by God there is no no no no no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school the school the school the school the the the the the school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated he immigrated he immigrated he immigrated he immigrated immigrated immigrated immigrated immigrated to the United States in 1852, in I mean okay uh um um um um um response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image okay uh uh uh uh uh you know you know of scales of justice with with with with with its centre - beam symbolised like um um you you you you you know by the central wing of the building comprising the the the the the Chief uh okay well so Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in in in in in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road road road road road is you know like you know well the well known known known known known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus Cyrus Cyrus Cyrus Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a so you know know know know know like um retired American mixed martial artist who fought fought fought fought fought for uh well like well the UFC as a Middleweight, compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation degradation degradation degradation degradation so so so um of the insulation over many many many many many years of energised service and okay um well so at at at at at present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was like like like like like well I mean you know in talks with BBC to to to to to get Torchwood back on TV, you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in in in in in which um um like uh it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals goals goals goals goals and I mean um uh so 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan Morahan Morahan Morahan Morahan and so you know okay so his father, Gilbert, by by by by by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use I I I I I mean I mean well I mean of shims and and and and and padding can compensate for some um you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean changes, and the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he accompanied he he he he he accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed okay I I I I I mean like well president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, Charcas, like um I mean okay and after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel well so so so so so like um called 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic novel you know so well um called 'Luna Park', Park', Park', Park', Park', and he was the okay uh so okay chief historical researcher on on on on on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter you you you you you know so you know like would be written by a a a a a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was castelão was was was was was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on I mean mean mean mean mean um like um February 5 of that year, when the Brazil national national national national national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for for for for for him and uh like like uh then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, uh um um uh 1962) was a Republican American American American American American politician from Kennebec, so I mean so okay South Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Attorney General of South Dakota from well I mean you you you you you know well 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, colon, colon, colon, colon, okay okay well I mean located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group group group group group of the so well okay I mean United States Air Force Force Force Force Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many many many many many I mean uh okay like different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known known known known known uh okay you know so and popular personality among the the the the the residents of his hometown, um well well okay respected respected respected respected respected for his exploits as an All - American uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know athlete and a judge on the the the the the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the I mean so so so so so so you know exposure time, using a photographic photographic photographic photographic photographic film with a higher ISO I mean so um um um um um so rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of copies copies copies copies copies I mean like okay well have been made of the the the the the originals, which are no longer extant, and uh okay okay okay okay okay um like copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - - - - - Leaked okay okay you know I mean on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait portrait portrait portrait portrait and subject you know like so um painter, had had had had had a large practice in London, and was uh you know know know know know you know you know a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Police Service uh okay I mean well and it it it it it was him who encouraged Goodwin to learn the the the the the piano from uh well like I mean an early age which which which which which would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the the the the the okay like so you know novel, including the murder of its its its its its protagonist shortly after uh okay well okay a moment of of of of of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture during okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean the nineteenth century in the city, the the the the the lighthouse was um well okay you know constructed by by by by by François Coignet in 1869 one week before the so okay okay okay okay okay so well inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron george Hysteron george Hysteron Hysteron Hysteron Hysteron Hysteron george Hysteron george Hysteron - Proteron (c uh um um um um um uh like. 18741942) is 18741942) is 18741942) is 18741942) is 18741942) 18741942) 18741942) 18741942) 18741942) is a fictional character created by like like you know know know know know you know the author J. K. Stanford, a British soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the the the the the okay uh like so face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh well in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and and and and and well uh okay well Myspace, as well as during during during during during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker so um um um um um so you know Punch was working on a PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox well um I mean I I I I I mean game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic well well well well well uh uh so graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back back back back back into um uh uh well Lila, and the two plan to to to to to reunite her with her well so you know you you you you you know father and allow her to take back back back back back her place um um you know uh as heir by revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their their their their their Class like uh okay uh A Anderson Braves Braves Braves Braves Braves in 1980, and his last I mean I mean like well well well well well with the New York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know Bulgarian Empire in the the the the the middle and late 13th um I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know century, most of the territory of present - - - - - day Albania you know okay you know like like like like like became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her uh uh uh uh uh uh like like during his exile in Finland 1457 1457 1457 1457 1457 - 1464, and when he um you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for for for for for both you know I mean um well lawns and and and and and as animal fodder, but also some weeds that well well well well well um uh I mean can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', Live', Live', Live', Live', the um okay you know okay WWE SmackDown Tag Tag Tag Tag Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament okay okay okay okay okay um uh like to crown the inaugural champions was was was was was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel you you you you you know so um you know Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, encounter, encounter, encounter, encounter, a life - changing like um you know um event event event event event was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his his his his his like you know like um writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from from from from from South uh you know like um Africa, who who who who who works with the Triangle Project and um like well well well well well um is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American so I I I I I mean like okay educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He He He He He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system the the the the the vehicle well well you know okay must be moving at at at at at a slow speed less than 30 I mean well you you you you you know like miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and and and and and okay okay like well she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River uh uh uh uh uh okay so like Kings, where he played alongside his older older older older older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- well well well well well well um you know 64 black Fender Stratocaster, called called called called called his 'trouble guitar', fitted well so um well with a Floyd Floyd Floyd Floyd Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu mahavishnu 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated situated situated situated situated you know I mean um like in Mattanur is one one one one one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden galata, ridden galata, ridden galata, ridden galata, galata, galata, galata, galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting uh you you you you you know you know um favourite, quickly opened up a lead lead lead lead lead of a hundred so like well so yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali the Denali Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director like like like like like okay I mean uh Susan Williamson, whom he married in in in in in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, well well well well well you know uh uh however as Lex approached artists to contribute contribute contribute contribute contribute material for I mean uh um so EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer uh okay well well well well well um the sale of bonds, with the first issue planned like well well well well well okay uh to be around $ 20 million; the smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller planned uh okay okay well bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to to to to to factor um like okay um these numbers, but much remains remains remains remains remains unknown about their factorization; for instance, like well well well well well you know well it's not known if all numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers in you know like I mean you know the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and tallman and tallman and tallman and tallman tallman tallman tallman tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their like like like like like like I mean uh ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in in in in in Parker County, Texas, assisted well okay um like by by by by by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he he he he he seems so um um um to have acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired a vocational interest in becoming a um I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools schools schools schools schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship ship ship ship ship which uh um um so is preserved as as as as as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin aMichelin aMichelin aMichelin aMichelin 3 - star star star star star sushi restaurant in Ginza, like um so I I I I I mean Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing so uh uh uh uh uh um um two decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles you you you you you know you know well uh but still maintained a loyal loyal loyal loyal loyal following from his Cheyenne I mean uh so okay days days days days days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that that that that that you know like um like they are not right for for for for for each other, prompting Inez's father uh you know I I I I I mean so to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded he cofounded he cofounded he cofounded he cofounded Digifaktory as as as as as the first and foremost 360 degree so like okay okay cinema cinema cinema cinema cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and and and and and I mean like uh okay handles 100 % marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television television television television television you know like you know um series 'Perry Mason' Mason' Mason' Mason' Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- -- -- -- -- 22 September you know well um okay 1957) was was was was was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and and and and and um you know you know um well - known conversationalist, conversationalist, conversationalist, conversationalist, conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 18 18 18 18 like okay um so PCC streetcars for Route Route Route Route Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work uh well well well well well you know like has included restoring PCC cars for use use use use use on San Francisco uh so you know so Municipal Railway's F F F F F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone nykesha Simone nykesha Simone nykesha Simone nykesha Simone Simone Simone Simone Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former so like like like like like I mean I mean professional basketball player in the the the the the WNBA, she most well like well uh recently played played played played played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, Rajendrasuri, is only one like um so like available Jain Jain Jain Jain Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are are are are are attracted to it by like um um like like like like like the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, excommunicated you know you know like well Geoffrey, but but but but but on his deathbed, he became a monk at uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic well well well well well so okay um way, like a lost sheep for I mean mean mean mean mean you know um well its shepherd: ' (Where can can can can can I find you? Ah, where ah, where ah, where ah, where ah, where are you hidden? ).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in in in in in line um uh um okay with the ongoing draw draw draw draw draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are are are are are uh I mean okay okay at Dihar -- by about about about about about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of of of of of well uh so so Māori and Samoan descent and played played played played played rugby union until so um so um he was 14 14 14 14 14 - years - old, then making well I mean mean mean mean mean like um a switch to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so avoided, as their immediate area of of of of of influence was about and uh like uh well their their their their their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the West West West West West okay you know uh so Coast division of of of of of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships I mean well well um um um um um in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and and and and and so you know uh um position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on on on on on so uh okay like 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' i and 'K' okay you know so uh i' accurately accurately accurately accurately accurately from such plots, so it is advisable like you you you you you know um I mean to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as as as as as so um you know uh a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 posthumous release 'Genius you know uh uh you know know know know know Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and and and and and with help uh like um you know from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its like its like its like its its its its its like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party Party Party Party Party of uh uh um like Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly strongly strongly strongly strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, Harlem, Harlem, Harlem, Harlem, um you know um uh also known as as as as as East Harlem or El Barrio) so okay like so so so so so to Puerto Rican parents at the age of um um um um um um uh well ten Jimmy's family moved to Puerto Rico Rico Rico Rico Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among among among among among the most populous so um well um urban areas areas areas areas areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and well okay okay okay okay okay so you know virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial so so so so so I mean like okay designer who created the the the the the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing like I mean mean mean mean mean well okay the naked bike style of motorcycle, motorcycle, motorcycle, motorcycle, motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned like um um um um um okay you know his books in public in major Norwegian cities cities cities cities cities and uh um I mean okay Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée fiancée fiancée fiancée fiancée so you know I mean um Helen, and pens a 'how 'how 'how 'how 'how to' book on breaking okay um um you know know know know know up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & & & & & Museum, a okay um you know well converted early early early early early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of of of of of polypeptides like um so I mean can be produced produced produced produced produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion through through through through through space you know um um so impacts time: time slows down down down down down for the uh so well I mean person who is moving moving moving moving moving but goes faster for the one uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know who stands still; which implies that the the the the the passage of well like uh like time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes 'Tunes 'Tunes 'Tunes 'Tunes of I mean uh you know so Glory' (1956), which which which which which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories inventories inventories inventories inventories in inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually um um um um um you know uh um are simply referred to as 'house 'house 'house 'house 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just um like uh I mean mean mean mean mean 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 5 5 5 5 - CD uh like um um box set which which which which which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre I I I I I mean like I mean like between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's Autechre's Autechre's Autechre's Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Smythe Smythe Smythe Smythe uh uh okay um Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Gretzky's Gretzky's Gretzky's Gretzky's Kings in the first okay so I mean like like like like like round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather relinquished like like like like like uh uh okay his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of of of of of okay like okay you know the lyric - writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, if the lyrics are by a person like uh I I I I I mean so other than one of the songwriters songwriters songwriters songwriters songwriters I mean so okay you know or composers composers composers composers composers and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft theft theft theft theft of okay uh uh you know two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas you know know know know know well uh like and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he he he he he had well uh I mean I mean met as an intern intern intern intern intern pastor in Colorado City, well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to according to according to according to according to sources sources sources sources sources privy to the development at Scotland you know okay okay okay okay okay well like Yard, the information obtained from the SIM of of of of of Iftikhar Hussain has like you know well well brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy well so so so so so so you know and the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' I' I' I' I' by like um so I mean the 'Vancouver Daily Province' Province' Province' Province' Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at so well well well well well like okay the southern end of Wukang Road, on on on on on the corner with okay well like uh Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - Slovak architect architect architect architect architect I mean you know like well László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording recording recording recording recording you know okay well um started to begin and guitarist Kurt Kurt Kurt Kurt Kurt Ballou joined in on the so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and uh well like like like like like you know served as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at at at at at the Dan Quayle Center well uh you know I I I I I mean is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, Partida, Partida, Partida, Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a sour sour sour sour sour note, losing uh you know so uh its season season season season season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was the second single from his worldwide hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World Figure Figure Figure Figure Figure I mean I mean like uh Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could could could could could also so okay uh uh be used as fusion fusion fusion fusion fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second the second the second the second the second season season season season season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed uh you know so uh Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; (; (; (; (; born 21 November 1965 ) like well um um um um um well is a Sudanese - born British actor, known known known known known by the stage like like okay um names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest latest latest latest latest uh so like like census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 um um um um um I mean okay okay October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singer, daughter of the you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, Toneff, Toneff, Toneff, Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in in in in in Madrid, uh so um well Spain in 2006, Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop under the influence of Post so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was costner was costner was costner was costner costner costner costner costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in like you you you you you know okay well Compton, California as the youngest of of of of of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became became became became became well um okay well too difficult for the small small small small small team to complete; originally, the well I mean well well well well well so spider sequences were to be present near the end end end end end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, well um um uh etc. 4 to 6 rounded rounded rounded rounded rounded white eggs are like like um well laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured um um um um um okay um so a scene in which Pee - - - - - wee Herman knocks I mean you know um um um um um um over a row of motorcycles, then proceeds to like so so so so so um okay win over the angered bikers by selecting' selecting' selecting' selecting' selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on on on on on the Canterbury Plains since you know like so okay okay okay okay okay the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was he was born in 1970, he is son of the the the the the you know okay I mean well late Manuel 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and uh so okay um Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi um um um um um uh uh you know Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing on like well so I mean four tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', um uh uh I I I I I mean the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is he is he is he is he is is is is is also the Director of the Division of okay I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Andrus Center, like um I mean um and is the the the the the director of the National um I mean so okay Resource Resource Resource Resource Resource Center on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a like you know know know know know well so Shakti peeth & also a place fromwhere Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian I mean you know like uh Standard Time is measured, measured, measured, measured, measured, is about 20 km from this place like uh uh uh uh uh so uh and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a a a a a so I mean you know well 2 -- 1 win against against against against against Port Vale at I mean um uh like Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Park on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for as for as for as for as for other other other other other locations, it is still relatively easy to well you know know know know know like well locate in the night sky; if one finds finds finds finds finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is is is is is a Motown song okay so so you know first recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in in in in in the I mean um you know like isolated piny piny piny piny piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and bolstered by his like like like like like okay um like new found status, Nelson boasted a a a a a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American I I I I I mean like I mean so football quarterback who played played played played played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a a a a a well okay you know well messenger and prophet of of of of of God, and by most Muslims to you know um like okay have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five five five five five year so well I mean uh jail term and and and and and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and and and and and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay in extending basic needs to the the the the the poor than subsidizing supplies okay so you know I I I I I mean whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are are are are are enough like so well uh to allow a modest modest modest modest modest reconstruction of his activities: um you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean he presided over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for for for for for an important irregular okay so okay so marriage, attended attended attended attended attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls calls calls calls calls it uh well like so an IOU and and and and and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', in in in in in okay you know okay I mean February 2009 on on on on on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features you know uh you you you you you know okay a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian Texian Texian Texian Texian militia um like uh uh on October 2 in in in in in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have have have have have seen a like I mean I mean uh gentrification, with with with with with many housing assessments doubling; yet many areas thrive as okay well well well well well well well never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay Disney Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on drawing on drawing on drawing on on on on on drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and like like like like like I mean um uh large data sets, Ilesfay was founded in uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 to meet market demand demand demand demand demand by changing I mean I mean you know like the the the the the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at at at at at uh okay well so the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, and first gained notice as I mean um uh you you you you you know the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of of of of of I mean well uh you know the entry of German German German German German troops into Ukraine and returned uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most like most like most like most like like like like like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip chip chip chip chip well like well uh is mounted on a thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh temperature, and by making small adjustments to the the the the the inside well okay so I mean temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was like like like like like okay you know like mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many historically, many historically, many historically, many historically, historically, historically, historically, historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Fire so well um well Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Her Her Her Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, a I mean um um um um um so uh government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia militia militia militia militia launched a mortar strike I mean you know you know know know know know uh on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the the the the the First World War uh like I mean okay also saw saw saw saw saw the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle um uh I I I I I mean okay of the First World War and and and and and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past you know know know know know well like like the turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was uh like like like like like you know okay operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to like uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean negotiate and the main channel has has has has has moved away from the you know I mean mean mean mean mean well you know cliffs, removing much of the the the the the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as off off off off off well uh okay I mean - topic, media, and graphic arts forums forums forums forums forums and on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its as its as its as its its its its its as its first club for students community Sir Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur Motiur you know um you know like Rahman suggested some of students students students students students to be active in okay uh well okay this regard regard regard regard regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals you you you you you know uh okay like have been stripped, which which which which which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different different different different different peoples um uh so um and were, to some some some some some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently you you you you you know uh uh I mean on March 4, 2007, emitting emitting emitting emitting emitting a 1. 5 okay like uh uh km high high high high high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms on like I mean I mean uh 27 March 1885 and and and and and mobilized detachments for active service on you know you you you you you know um okay 10 April 1885 which served with with with with with Middleton's column of I mean like you know uh the the the the the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or okay uh uh uh uh uh okay um scandia, is a high melting white white white white white solid used in uh uh you know like high - temperature systems systems systems systems systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix Tholix Tholix Tholix Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail this tail this tail this tail this tail tail tail tail tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a you know I I I I I mean so okay loop, but can't deal with with with with with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of of of of of letters um I mean um so (numbered 89 - - - - - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) 1956) 1956) 1956) 1956) you know so so so was a U. S S S S S. Political figure who most notably served I mean okay I I I I I mean I mean as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital uh uh uh uh uh well like like of the World' for always having an an an an an excuse uh you know okay I mean on their their their their their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable like like like like like okay so like Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years years years years years old, and you know I mean well okay a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the the the the the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as well so so so so so okay well a servant in the home home home home home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the the the the the Sunni uh you know I mean um Arab community, and and and and and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He also like I I I I I mean you know uh was the led led led led led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three three three three three uh I mean so okay seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades from grades from grades from grades from grades one one one one one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School okay you you you you you know um like in Chicago, where administrators described him him him him him as 'healthy' like uh you know you know and 'well 'well 'well 'well 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery the monastery the monastery the monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery the monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings and encompassed well okay well uh with a fence fence fence fence fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone rolling Stone rolling Stone rolling Stone rolling Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout Milton Keyns uh okay you know so - most most most most most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - vP - vP - vP - vP vP vP vP vP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were these were these were these were these were initially initially initially initially initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles I mean okay um um um um um well firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 2 2 2 2 - okay well uh um 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the the the the the company she co-founded well like uh so in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year year year year year you know uh well so to year, and and and and and more contexts that are designed to be um well well well well well so okay engaging to students as they make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well Smith was sacked, and then - - - - - assistant coach Stone so you know okay I I I I I mean was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome well like I mean you know and smuggled to Israel by by by by by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, I I I I I mean well I mean so is is is is is still elected as is every other sheriff in the the the the the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places places places places places so well um you know to gather for programs and and and and and meetings, serving over 950, you know you know uh uh uh uh uh okay 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 12 12 12 12 killed, well you know uh I mean 57 57 57 57 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied okay you you you you you know okay like to the fence, his friends friends friends friends friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented you know know know know know I mean you know okay in the Canadian House House House House House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is exporting is exporting is exporting is exporting exporting exporting exporting exporting is not the only threat however; some you know like like like like like well uh local people have reportedly made a habit of of of of of killing these um well I mean you know spiders spiders spiders spiders spiders in a nearly systematic way using using using using using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 1915 1915 1915 1915 I mean I mean well like as part of the the the the the 57th Brigade in the 19th you know like you you you you you know so (Western) Division, and saw its first action the the the the the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died she died she died she died she she she she she died at her retirement home at age 115 and um um um um um well um you know 42 days in Candé, Maine - et et et et et - Loire, you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on on on on on November well okay um so 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh fire, Lorenzini changes career and begins luring luring luring luring luring unruly children to okay so uh uh pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also also also also also on um okay okay I mean full display, but the album album album album album is most remarkable for the okay like okay okay okay okay okay I mean intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt Zandt Zandt Zandt Zandt taking the stage I mean I mean so like alone alone alone alone alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there okay so so so so so I mean so is no penalty for failure to comply with with with with with it so you know like you know and it it it it it is not widely enforced -- indeed, well okay okay okay okay okay um like the U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that that that that that punitive enforcement okay I mean well uh would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early in early in early in early in in in in in early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed removed removed removed removed I mean you know um you know from the the the the the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and uh well okay uh uh uh uh uh replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the the the the the officer responsible so you know okay like for for for for for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always um um um um um like you know um thinking about and spending time with the the the the the creature (played by like like uh um Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 between 1998 between 1998 between 1998 between 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so initial discovery of at least least least least least 19 shipwrecks in the South so like uh uh uh uh uh uh Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of so so so so so uh so you know heavy - duty transit buses from 31 31 31 31 31 - feet to 60 okay you know uh like - feet feet feet feet feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- -- -- -- -- achieving his like okay like okay best result, sixth, in in in in in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the by the by the by the by by by by by the events portrayed in it is so um you know know know know know um established that Ace has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect I I I I I mean I mean well uh more equipment, meanwhile on on on on on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting starting starting starting starting okay I mean you know okay material is much simpler simpler simpler simpler simpler than with traditional organic solvents, uh um uh you know know know know know merely by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in in in in in the um um well well world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and uh uh uh uh uh so uh like Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and and and and and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, unlike Persian, unlike Persian, unlike Persian, unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of I mean like uh uh uh uh uh I mean declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, in 1865, in 1865, in 1865, in in in in in 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from um like well well well well well well a holiday retreat in England and named the the the the the town uh um uh well he surveyed after after after after after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, engineering, engineering, engineering, engineering, and you know well well like natural sciences, a a a a a function of a real variable is a so well well well well well well like function whose domain is the real numbers you you you you you know like okay you know ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing like like like like like okay uh uh this; the potential predator may desist when it it it it it um uh you know you know knows it has has has has has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara okay okay okay okay okay so like like in Malibu, California featuring a male male male male male actor who she like so um like is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law this law this law this law law law law law this law means that hundreds if not thousands of of of of of hours so I mean I mean well I put put put put put into going to places and taking pictures okay um um um um um so I mean of monuments and such will be be be be be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration like like like like like okay uh you know from rural areas and continued to to to to to neglect the US agriculture like you know well okay industry industry industry industry industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout I I I I I mean uh um uh the decade and would would would would would later be blamed as one uh uh so so so so so you know of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own own own own own a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, neighborhood, neighborhood, neighborhood, neighborhood, for you know I mean I mean I mean the the the the the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses like like like like like like I mean well an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office failure and many so so so so so you know I mean okay reviews, particularly those for Ball, Ball, Ball, Ball, Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, you you you you you know I mean you know well led by Herbert Asquith, could could could could could not break the deadlock produced in well so like I I I I I mean the January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road like like like like like I mean well um and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before okay um um um um um you know well 1900... Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in I mean okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know the 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a as a as a as a as as as as as a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and and and and and I mean you know like um Switzerland and then settled settled settled settled settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of of of of of 1970s well um so I mean based on the the the the the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to participate participate participate participate participate and you know um okay I mean perform, it it it it it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a a a a a new you know uh okay like arena in San San San San San Francisco, but the arena never came well okay so so so so so uh to fruition, and the Seals played in the the the the the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago you know well well well well well well uh saved his cousin from a dog attack and and and and and was okay uh okay okay badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on on on on on either uh you know I mean um bank of the the the the the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west bank um okay I mean mean mean mean mean so resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to to to to to pursue well okay I mean I mean a degree in in in in in Psychology course but in October 2016, um um um um um you know you know so she confirms that will be be be be be studying at Southville International well you know uh like like like like like School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in in in in in counties um well um um Cork (including the city), city), city), city), city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, I mean well so um and and and and and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 17 17 17 17 but found okay I mean so so lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without graduating to I I I I I mean um well okay attend the California Institute of Technology, the the the the the following year, where um well uh so he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United well um uh uh uh uh uh um States Army was named interim President of the Citadel, Citadel, Citadel, Citadel, Citadel, I mean well okay you know The Military College of South South South South South Carolina in August 1980 um uh I mean um um um um um and then selected as the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of of of of of heavy agave I mean like like uh crowns, men men men men men helped, although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that that that that that epiphytic bacteria um well well well generally don't harm harm harm harm harm the plant, but promote the formation of well well I I I I I mean well ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone hormone hormone hormone hormone which promotes plant uh well okay you know growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the the the the the activities uh um uh you know of the UAI, follows follows follows follows follows the progress of the various projects and I mean like like like like like well so supports the Bureau in its handling of of of of of the correspondence and I mean um well um agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, Colonel of the okay I mean like well 96th 96th 96th 96th 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made okay well well well well well uh you know officer of the Legion of of of of of Honor ( ' Officier you know okay okay uh de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State State State State State um uh well like and graduated in 1991 the creator and and and and and executive producer of um I mean like you know two two two two two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale you you you you you know I mean uh I mean services to Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Telecom, with the result that you know okay well well well well well I mean the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena Zareena Zareena Zareena Zareena when well um um well they come to know that that that that that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main the main the main the main main main main main the main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on additionally, on additionally, on additionally, on additionally, additionally, additionally, additionally, additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were um um um um um okay um I mean ranked No. 1 and No No No No No. 2, respectively, 2, respectively, 2, respectively, 2, respectively, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, respectively, which well so well like was the first time time time time time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is is is is is an Italian okay um so uh painter and sculptor born in in in in in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park like um like like like like like um in Alameda County, California, United States that that that that that was established you know I mean I mean um um um um um in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only only only only only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down down down down down so um I mean uh in May, Atlus made made made made made another annoucment stating that the servers uh um I I I I I mean okay would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged legged legged legged legged uh okay so um football fixture which took place place place place place on Wednesday, June 27 um you know okay well and and and and and July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina and so okay uh uh uh uh uh so Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are are are are are signed to Sony so uh so you know Music Music Music Music Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Konosuke Konosuke Konosuke Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only only only only only after well uh like uh signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance allegiance allegiance allegiance allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 New Orleans you know uh like so musicians back after after after after after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and well you you you you you know well uh acquiring over a quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments um well okay okay okay okay okay you know to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 10 10 10 10 thematic episodes, each like so um so presenting presenting presenting presenting presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave leave leave leave leave the uh so um um mall, closing its doors in in in in in 1993; this store was well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I mean soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store store store store store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp camp camp camp camp I mean um uh uh prisoners and due to his his his his his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track track track track track was well you know like like used where one side heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily banked, and included obstacles such as um well okay like like like like like the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) has well uh well so been creating site - specific work work work work work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that that that that that occurs in so so well you know March, often often often often often in the week before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald um um um um um um I mean you know Beham'; there is no no no no no documentary evidence for the name well well uh like 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', 'Hans', which seems to derive purely from the first okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was I mean mean mean mean mean so well I mean occurring and by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins zagreb's origins zagreb's origins zagreb's zagreb's zagreb's zagreb's zagreb's origins zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by legend I mean well well uh due to to to to to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds like like like like like like well okay from those times; however, Zagreb does have have have have have much recorded so I mean well um history, displaying displaying displaying displaying displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad the ballad the ballad the ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad the ballad is told from the perspective of I mean like like like like like so I mean a soldier who has fought in many many many many many bloody battles only to uh uh uh well return return return return return home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she she she she she graduated in modern history from the University of Florence um um um um um um okay like and writes predominantly on Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel and the Arab - Israeli like you know like you you you you you know conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - aBS - aBS - aBS - aBS - CBN CBN CBN CBN CBN also used what is probably okay so like you you you you you know the biggest touch screen display ever used in a a a a a Philippine so uh like I mean television show as as as as as well as a huge WAR uh well uh um (Wireless (Wireless (Wireless (Wireless (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was was was was was hosted by so I mean so so El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became he became he became he became he he he he he became a summon gem, and he aided Sora okay I I I I I mean I mean um and his friends whenever they they they they they needed him, in the end I mean you know know know know know okay like the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often like I I I I I mean okay um depicted as being less intelligent than other other other other other characters on like well um so scripted television; to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is there is there is there is there is is is is is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by outdoor so okay okay okay okay okay like uh pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be be be be be dangerous because of I mean you know well like like like like like sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a a a a a propeller - um um well you know driven airliner built by by by by by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game the game the game the game the game game game game game is similar to other fighters but features features features features features 3D I mean uh I mean well environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, you you you you you know you know you know um and during World War War War War War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated streak streak streak streak streak to so uh well uh 5 - 0 and defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated Anadolu Efes 77 - 64, like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean and became undisputed leader of group C. Marko popovič made history history history history history okay well so okay with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior the posterior the posterior the posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior the posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal neuronal neuronal neuronal neuronal projections (axons) well so I mean well extending extending extending extending extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus hypothalamus hypothalamus hypothalamus hypothalamus well so well um that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books books books books books later, she is you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions I mean like you know well multi-state lotto game, and features features features features features their own Illinois Lotto (6 so well um um um um um um balls out of 52) with a smaller seven / / / / / eight - digit like so you know uh uh uh uh uh jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative okay okay so you know Designing in the most Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative and Innovative way. They believe um uh um you know in in in in in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and and and and and played four well well so well years years years years years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being like like like like like uh um um drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite despite despite despite despite her well well you know so relationship to them them them them them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also um um um um um I mean okay I mean had requisite knowledge to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com you know uh uh uh uh uh so so users by warning users of online sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour the colour the colour the colour the colour of this this this this this fish is also variable uh um uh I mean and and and and and usually resembles the substrate, which makes it well well well well well well like I mean you know - camouflaged when stationary stationary stationary stationary stationary but more visible when it like uh uh you know know know know know moves about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee well okay okay okay okay okay uh uh on Federal Relations, a member of the the the the the Joint Committee well like uh I mean on Welfare Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory uh okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of you know know know know know um well I mean Corfu, Greece, that belongs to to to to to the former community of like okay well uh Agios Agios Agios Agios Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest you know you know so well Freeway was purchased, and in in in in in 1999, the college became nationally um like like well accredited through through through through through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating eating eating eating eating prey such well I mean okay uh as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University you you you you you know so like well of the Pacific and graduated in in in in in 1928, continued his studies at okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has it has it has it has it has has has has has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and well I mean um um um um um well a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated in in in in in like so okay um a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract contract contract contract contract um well uh uh in 1921, but, in part due due due due due to the costs well like well you know of rebranding, rebranding, rebranding, rebranding, rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first his first his first his first his first first first first first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on uh uh uh uh uh uh so like August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last last last last last against um uh well well Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned you you you you you know like uh you know small businessman, who owned owned owned owned owned a Spaza shop popular with black you know well well well well well well well mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe Motsepe Motsepe Motsepe Motsepe learnt well um you know so basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs he performs he performs he performs he he he he he performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made you know you you you you you know like um in Milan, Italy in 1790, generously on on on on on loan to him so you know uh you know from the the the the the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was was was was was um I mean I mean um named a prize winner winner winner winner winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced uh uh uh uh uh um well uh with Television X Pay - Per Per Per Per Per - Night on so you know I mean well well well well well Sky and on the same day it was taken off off off off off uh you know well so of Virgin Media as as as as as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), well well well well well so uh um which was fought as the contest contest contest contest contest of succession between Western I mean okay um uh court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a a a a a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect uh uh uh uh uh well well well for gold in various locations in the the the the the U. S. , you know well uh uh uh uh uh um and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet poet poet poet poet when her editor so okay uh I mean Robert Loomis challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', she has you you you you you know like um well been best known for her autobiographies, autobiographies, autobiographies, autobiographies, autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to you you you you you know I mean you know like parents of what what what what what their child is doing on well well like like like like like you know social media sites is a challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging subject, due I mean um like well to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on on on on on average well I mean so like its performance is or or or or or even depending on the random distribution uh well okay okay okay okay okay like on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate I mean you know like um College and became became became became became the youngest Mayor in the country in okay okay you you you you you know so 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is okay so so so so so uh I mean an Indian telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is is is is is a U you know you know I mean you know. S S S S S. Politician, who is a Republican member of uh uh uh uh uh okay like so the California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate Senate Senate Senate Senate I mean uh um you know District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have like like like like like um I mean you know used the character, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes with great results -- for uh like like um um um um um example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February February February February February 22nd 2003 against Philly um okay well I mean mean mean mean mean San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the you know you you you you you know um um Corona Yard for preservation; however, the cars cars cars cars cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common common common common common so you know um so symptom, and may even be be be be be the third most common um okay well like like like like like trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from from from from from doing so, like well so um but Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry just pats him on the head again, then blows blows blows blows blows well like you know I mean his noisemaker and the the the the the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group okay uh uh uh uh uh um uh in 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - - - - - generation so uh well I mean spreadsheet concept concept concept concept concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities minute minute minute minute minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per per per per per acre well so I mean okay of land to confuse confuse confuse confuse confuse male insects about the well like so you know know know know know location of their female partners, it can thus thus thus thus thus you know you know um okay serve as as as as as a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two within two within two within two within within within within within two days, the communists called for a truce; it I I I I I mean like um you know was a shortlived Hmong Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery like well well well well well well well bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay Khay Khay Khay Khay and you know like so like PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an however, an however, an however, an however, an an an an an interesting special case is a torque - free resultant you know know know know know um um like which it is useful both conceptually conceptually conceptually conceptually conceptually and practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was was was was was you know so like I mean awarded the Medal of of of of of Honor for his actions like so so like at the Colmar Colmar Colmar Colmar Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and you know know know know know um um I mean one in Wales, which is part part part part part of the military is you know uh I mean okay wholly wholly wholly wholly wholly Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft okay um um um um um so I mean crashes on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a staircase staircase staircase staircase staircase leads like you know I mean I mean to to to to to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan the Afghan the Afghan the Afghan the Afghan Afghan Afghan Afghan Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, okay like you you you you you know well Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a you you you you you know like I mean so tropical plant with edible multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple fruit consisting of coalesced you know like um so berries, berries, berries, berries, berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation foundation foundation foundation foundation and a non-profit um I mean um well organisation based based based based based in New Delhi, India which promotes science, mathematics, so so so so so so so so introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent so I mean well so Ukrainian Bundist and after after after after after 1919 an official of the well you you you you you know like well Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin like well well well well well uh um Luther King, Jr. Gave his gave his his his his his gave his gave his gave his 'I Have Have Have Have Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor professor professor professor professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in in in in in its architectural you know so so well ensemble, particularly as it it it it it is one of the few places well you know I I I I I mean okay that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's the song's the song's the song's the song's song's song's song's song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Boby Boby Boby Boby Burke you know I mean well okay and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would he would he would he would he would would would would would then awaken other passengers and manipulate like okay okay okay okay okay uh like those who were also depicted with Pandorum Pandorum Pandorum Pandorum Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then Then Then Then Then Jack okay like you know I mean goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner corner corner corner corner represents you know you know I mean um the the the the the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for excellence excellence excellence excellence excellence while uh so I mean like the book book book book book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington DC DC DC DC DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike like I mean mean mean mean mean well uh that was donated by Eric Staller's father, father, father, father, father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document the document the document the document the the the the the document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, like I I I I I mean I mean well IL and has since since since since since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat 'iChat 'iChat 'iChat 'iChat AV', a new version okay uh so you know know know know know of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in also in also in also in also also also also also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the first first first first first like like I mean like time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial I mean you know well I mean operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate Members Members Members Members Members so uh you know well Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Nelson Nelson Nelson Nelson Chan you know okay like so ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) ) ) ) ) to create a three um like uh like part short short short short short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play Play Play Play Play TV um okay I mean I mean in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is well you you you you you know okay so a airplane with no power power power power power source, which is towed so um I mean mean mean mean mean so into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration Migration Migration Migration Migration suggests you know um um okay that between 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are like um um um um um okay like living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of of of of of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new the new the new the new the the the the the new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds crowds crowds crowds crowds packing in so well okay uh to watch legendary coach coach coach coach coach Gay Kintner chase his fourth I mean you know know know know know uh uh state title at the helm of the Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Decatur well uh um well basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know a young boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, who dies and then so okay so like his favourite math math math math math teacher observes, that he hardly well um you know know know know know um knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American American American American American country well so like uh singer Faith Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely they rarely they rarely they rarely they they they they they rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the at the at the at the at at at at at the time, many people did not know their you know know know know know okay like you know actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern like uh you know um Province, after Kenema Kenema Kenema Kenema Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two two two two two I mean so I mean so majer roads, a a a a a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by um so so so so so uh um an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is is is is is an so um you know okay American actress, singer singer singer singer singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season I mean um I I I I I mean like 20 winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles um um um um um so well you know Hornbrook who helped him with his his his his his work, acting as uh so uh okay a skilled skilled skilled skilled skilled technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood in Sherwood Forest, Forest, Forest, Forest, Forest, the two find him tending to okay so so so so so uh like a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and and and and and ill uh so uh so. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not not not not not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending after attending after attending after attending after after after after after attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop uh okay okay okay okay okay uh you know Museum and spent the next 60 60 60 60 60 years roaming the I mean um like I mean Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at at at at at so well okay um his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made he made he made he made he he he he he made his debut as a half - time time time time time substitute for um I mean okay uh Luke Howell in in in in in a 2 -- 2 away draw well um uh well with with with with with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being recalled um um um um um I mean well uh by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at arriving at arriving at arriving at arriving arriving arriving arriving arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge what like like like like like okay well um he can on a beached ship, leaving his his his his his son to like I mean okay you know keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and and and and and 'Parody' uh well um like and, eponymously, the game game game game game is a parody of like like like like the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first the first the first the first first first first first the first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique unique unique unique unique contribution um uh like well to his family genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay okay. Managing Editor and before that, Editor Editor Editor Editor Editor of the well well you know well FT's Continental European European European European European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed so well well well well well I mean you know US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell cell cell cell cell I mean um I mean um and short apically apically apically apically apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond white; these you you you you you know so you know so broad streaks broad are divided only only only only only by the black veins, so okay I mean like followed followed followed followed followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April on April on April on April on on on on on April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that that that that that usually um like um well involves closing or holding the arms arms arms arms arms around the you know okay I mean you know know know know know neck, back, or waist of another person; if more than two two two two two well uh um um persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are they are they are they they they they they are they are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they they they they they you know um like okay can not continue their quest until until until until until Into The Gauntlet well uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's natural honey's honey's honey's honey's honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with I mean like like like like like I mean okay added enzymes to modify and transform their their their their their chemical composition and okay I mean you know like like like like like pH. Invertases and s into honey by a process process process process process okay uh you know like of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy Guy Guy Guy Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a well uh um um um um um uh former water polo player who won a silver medal medal medal medal medal for so um so um the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- -- -- -- -- where her so um like you know daughter and nominator Janis Janis Janis Janis Janis lives; she breaks down I mean so so I I I I I mean entirely on the highway, even going so far far far far far as you know uh I mean uh to to to to to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team team team team team for okay so uh okay his own ends while the the the the the original Heat attempted to okay so like um protect protect protect protect protect her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while like uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, law, law, law, law, like um um okay and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that that that that that the state I mean I mean like like would be unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records eastWest Records eastWest Records eastWest Records eastWest Records Records Records Records Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing like well well well well well okay I mean and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in in in in in 188 I mean so um uh A. D. In In In In In 187 B. C he wrote 'Education of the well uh uh uh uh uh you know so Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture named named named named named I mean um so um after the shape of of of of of their typical clay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly so um um um um um like well one of the greatest taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy firms in the world, okay well you know know know know know I mean apart from P. A. Morris' studies, the the the the the Van Ingen okay you know um I mean factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and and and and and jaggery, and so uh well I mean cooked by wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves you know like well uh uh uh uh uh. Konkani people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of of of of of um so um okay Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born (born (born (born (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic okay uh so like footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was williams was williams was williams was williams was was was was was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South well uh okay okay okay okay okay um Africa and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in well well well well well like well you know Ireland, he enlisted in the United United United United United States Navy 17 well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two two two two two cats well like uh like and a mortgage making it inconsistent inconsistent inconsistent inconsistent inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she she she she she so you know uh uh wants to do do do do do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa but but but but but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa but Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb 'Ebb Tide', it was well I mean well okay filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Maxfield Maxfield Maxfield Maxfield well so like like Parrish, who designed designed designed designed designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in well well well well well well well okay the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist artist artist artist artist Nicki well uh so okay Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, time, time, time, time, much like you know like I mean of the language language language language language and traditions had been either corrupted or well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know lost, but a few kaumatua and and and and and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen like I mean well so to serve and accompany Odrade Odrade Odrade Odrade Odrade on her voyage with I mean well well so so so so so Tamalane and Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Honored Honored Honored Honored Matre uh okay like so Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor the poor the poor the poor the poor poor poor poor poor soils of New Caledonia promote a okay okay like like like like like okay restriction in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is there is there is there is there there there there there is no clear evidence of other adverse effects effects effects effects effects from I mean I mean you know um water fluoridation fluoridation fluoridation fluoridation fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out out out out out you know you know so okay of high school, school, school, school, school, and began working as a gas station attendant; I I I I I mean okay well um he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked for for for for for um well well um follow - up action to the the the the the president of the um uh I mean I mean college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, Salhusfjorden, From I mean like uh um 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by by by by by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains I mean like uh uh uh uh uh okay 135 flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and and and and and uh uh I mean so express complete amusement amusement amusement amusement amusement by the whole state of affairs, you know I mean mean mean mean mean so um though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June June June June June 2010 okay well uh I mean and was released released released released released as the third and final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company the company the company the company the the the the the company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves like like like like like um um okay and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a a a a a so okay uh I mean record of 13 13 13 13 13 times and they are second overall with okay so so so so so so so 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic the comic the comic the comic the the the the the comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, I I I I I mean well like okay lasting seven issues, and it filled an an an an an important role at okay uh well well the time, giving giving giving giving giving new creators a chance to develop their so like um um um um um well skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and in so so so so so well okay I mean the studio with other artists have been extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive and he well you know um you know has worked with with with with with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris well I mean um um um um um uh Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations so so you you you you you know well listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the the the the the I mean I mean so so latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter former daughter former daughter former daughter former daughter in in in in in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić well so like okay okay okay okay okay (née Joanides), was the mother of son of of of of of King Milan so uh okay so Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as known as known as known as known as as as as as 'News 25 at Nine on My okay so well well well well well um 59', the show can be seen for thirty thirty thirty thirty thirty minutes and you know you know uh um competes with another another another another another half - hour production airing at the you you you you you know you know okay I mean same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' baptism, that you know I mean um you know in the nativity nativity nativity nativity nativity scene the statue of the baby Jesus okay so you you you you you know um shows him standing and there are three crosses depicted with with with with with okay like so you know those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species most species most species most species most most most most most species are relatively large (typically at least) with with with with with some of you know so well I mean the largest, such such such such such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching the dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions dimensions well I mean uh so (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County County County County County was okay like well you know formed and and and and and a year later it was renamed the like okay um um um um um you know Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded expanded expanded expanded expanded its area of focus okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is there is there is there is there there there there there is a St Kentigern's school and church in I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um Blackpool, while in the Lake District District District District District village of um uh um well Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and and and and and academic I mean like so I mean courses which can be taken taken taken taken taken at various academic and okay uh um uh vocational vocational vocational vocational vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care okay um um um um um so you know combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a a a a a three okay well um I mean - year, $ 60 million million million million million contract extension so well you know um instead of the four four four four four year maximum as it allotted him I mean you know know know know know like I mean the option of seeking a new contract contract contract contract contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the the the the the you know so well uh leadership of of of of of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had again been so so so so so so um uh successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks at you you you you you know like so you know the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes you know know know know know okay so you know of the city, including Native American, American, American, American, American, art deco, and like uh um so so so so so contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass bass bass bass bass players uh okay uh well and would have been lost lost lost lost lost when it nearly um like okay okay met met met met met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort is is is is is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States, um so so so so so well so located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football australian Football australian Football australian Football australian australian australian australian australian Football is the official name for Australian well I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean rules football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of of of of of um so well uh Southern California in 1948, established established established established established his golf course architecture practice you know well so like like like like like in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya Kenya Kenya Kenya Kenya and well uh so I mean Mauritius, her mother was was was was was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand I mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay their career opportunities these students expect that that that that that a degree like like I mean well from a a a a a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced produced produced produced produced like well you know well by neutron irradiation irradiation irradiation irradiation irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the vast um um um um um so well so majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service as you you you you you know uh like um HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady the 'Lady the 'Lady the 'Lady the 'Lady of of of of of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; well like like like like like like you know when she came to be broken up enthusiasts enthusiasts enthusiasts enthusiasts enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 1928 1928 1928 1928 okay uh so um by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a a a a a linguist and previous Professor at you know like well um um um um um the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its in its in its in its in in in in in its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise held so like uh okay in the Mediterranean Sea that that that that that also involved the first units of I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um the United States Marines Corps to participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed I mean so so so so so um uh by Mark Steven Johnson and starring starring starring starring starring Nicolas Cage as okay like I mean like Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Blaze / Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Wes Wes Wes Wes Bentley like okay like I mean as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New New New New New okay um so okay Zealand politician and leader of the populist populist populist populist populist New Zealand okay you know well you know First party party party party party which he founded in 1993, and served as well uh uh uh uh uh like uh the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC the MCC the MCC the MCC the MCC were were were were were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in I mean uh uh uh uh uh well I mean and made the highest score of of of of of his career, his okay I mean well well 307 307 307 307 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in in in in in 1911 okay so so okay - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location I I I I I mean well like uh of the bandstand demolished demolished demolished demolished demolished during the second world war, and as as as as as you know I mean you know uh part of the the the the the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible loan responsible loan responsible loan loan loan loan loan responsible loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, so you know know know know know okay okay fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright bright bright bright bright spot I mean well okay I mean for Connecticut's Republicans Republicans Republicans Republicans Republicans as the departing incumbent from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, at first, at first, at first, at first, Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all in all in all in all in in in in in all the project would cost between $ 75 million uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving after leaving after leaving after leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving after leaving the Black Panther Party for Self um you know know know know know well okay - Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Erika, Erika, Erika, Erika, Brown worked you know okay you know know know know know you know on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, Power, Power, Power, Power, and eventually you know I mean like uh returned returned returned returned returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari like okay okay okay okay okay uh okay or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee I I I I I mean well well um of the Bonaire, has has has has has the same geological like um uh um history, and and and and and while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's so so so so so like uh well surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a like um um um um um uh so son, on December 27, 2014, and and and and and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the I mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean North East of England and and and and and Scotland, in addition um well you know so so so so so to a lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, visitors, visitors, visitors, visitors, including uh you know well um school and university university university university university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, in 1980, in 1980, in 1980, in in in in in 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten like like like like like okay I mean okay ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, century, century, century, century, um um um so and since the 1980s has been been been been been continually enlarged by Egyptian you know uh like um and and and and and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of of of of of Oregon, okay um well I mean the early economic orientation orientation orientation orientation orientation of Lake County was toward you know like um I I I I I mean California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San 'San 'San 'San 'San I mean like like you know Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from from from from from you know you know well you know her dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located located located located located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health well well you you you you you know well care institution in Pakistan was conceived in in in in in New York, USA okay I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay in the mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and uh uh uh uh uh um I mean I mean meet ups, the the the the the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who who who who who held Hemingstone manor so uh uh well in Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business business business business business I mean uh like you know office with several windows windows windows windows windows and a fireplace used by Dr. This uh okay um like like like like like also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in in in in in you know I mean I mean you know Ta' Ta' Ta' Ta' Ta' Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by I mean mean mean mean mean um so so the same Testaferrata family but was demolished demolished demolished demolished demolished in 1989 like well okay you know and the the the the the exact location it stood is like I mean uh so unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on on on on on October 23, 1884, like so uh um starting out as as as as as a weekly newspaper, after the paper okay okay so so so so so you know was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney Rooney currently teaches at you know so you know know know know know I mean DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as I I I I I mean well you know I mean her lover, and used used used used used her as a messenger, asking okay like I mean mean mean mean mean so her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England England England England England captain, um you know you know so but he was was was was was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, uh you know know know know know okay uh who was not a popular choice; the the the the the selectors chose Jardine so I mean um you know to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from so so so so so so um okay Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage through so like like okay her grandfather Louis, who who who who who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the the the the the uh so you know okay feed industry where it refers to to to to to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain I I I I I mean I mean um um a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed captain captain captain captain captain I mean um so well in the newly formed U. S S S S S. Navy in 1794, and well I mean well okay during during during during during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, lamballe (, lamballe (, lamballe (, lamballe lamballe lamballe lamballe lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh commune of north - western France, in the the the the the 'département' of so um so you know Côtes Côtes Côtes Côtes Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province Province Province Province Province (Iraq), okay uh uh um roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University the University the University the University the University University University University University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: okay well well well well well so so the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, Nursing, Nursing, Nursing, Nursing, and School of um well like uh Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace well well well well well like so I mean imposes its presence on its surroundings surroundings surroundings surroundings surroundings in an expression of so so so um the family's power power power power power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of I I I I I mean so you know like the same title title title title title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models models models models models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent silent silent silent silent films, um um you know I mean silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many well well well well well uh you know um movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail retail retail retail retail like uh um okay trade sector have 13 % of of of of of the population working I mean well um um within each each each each each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were were were were were okay okay well you know all aboard the balloon; the two two two two two adults died when the balloon I mean like like like like like like um crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles you you you you you know you know so you know Tilleard Natusch and built built built built built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 okay I mean like like like like like so at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um with a special 'god - killing' killing' killing' killing' killing' bullet (the kind uh like I mean like that that that that that was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, okay okay okay okay okay um um um whether or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Heinz Heinz Heinz Heinz Berggruen whom well uh well I mean she met in the city, city, city, city, city, she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry uh well well well well well okay so on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely loosely loosely loosely loosely I mean so well um based on Kate Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' uh uh uh okay and tells tells tells tells tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham like you know well like Academy Group 1 1 1 1 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video video video video video game um like well well for the PlayStation 2 2 2 2 2 developed by Atlus, published by I mean you know know know know know you know well Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego located like I mean um okay on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know uh and father of Brenda Jenkins, and and and and and the entire Jenkins' clan lives I mean you you you you you know you know like in a Washington, D D D D D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the the the the the Bayhawks, um okay well so Hubbard suffered a back injury injury injury injury injury and was unable to um uh like like play the the the the the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February in February in February in February in February February February February February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean I mean back to Australia along with the 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th Division, landing in you know well like well Brisbane on on on on on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga you know know know know know I mean I mean uh before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored restored restored restored restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view view view view view of the um um okay um insect as a a a a a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that well you know know know know know okay so insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 okay okay okay okay okay like so uh B. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration administration administration administration administration in Dangyang on you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh an areas of 2000 square km. In 1988 the the the the the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in in in in in love well you know um I mean with Susan Susan Susan Susan Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets thai amulets thai amulets thai amulets thai amulets amulets amulets amulets amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, which which which which which like I mean like okay is originated, used used used used used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay actor and former Governor of of of of of California as host; the show's uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave leave leave leave leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the the the the the you know so um okay U. S. Marines, who had had had had had recently been driven out of like I mean uh uh uh uh uh so Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and and and and and along I mean I mean okay I mean with with with with with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone this runestone this runestone this runestone this runestone runestone runestone runestone runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active in in in in in so so um so the late 11th and and and and and early 12th centuries, and is classified as so so well well well well well um being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was was was was was known, joined well like like so the Metropolitan Opera's Board Board Board Board Board of Directors in 1933, founded well I mean you you you you you know I mean the Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it it it it it um so well so but unbeknowst to the authorities, authorities, authorities, authorities, authorities, the uh okay I mean like convicts can can can can can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such some, such some, such some, such such such such such some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are well well well well well like I mean okay very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and and and and and so I mean well uh the first senior bishop bishop bishop bishop bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church I mean you you you you you know so um in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number number number number number uh okay like you know of seats controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear in in in in in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing containing containing containing containing the Audley uh okay I mean you know Club, housing housing housing housing housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies make make make make make - up to Melissa, who being so you know know know know know you know well I mean weak can't open the lip lip lip lip lip gloss; in a montage uh I mean well well well well well uh of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's Melissa's Melissa's Melissa's Melissa's bones so so you know uh sticking out, out, out, out, out, etc. , and ,and ,and ,and ,and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so replaced by Lockie, and his team started the the the the the 1960 like I mean um like -- -- -- -- -- 61 season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A A A A A. Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is is is is is a Filipino I mean okay uh you know professional professional professional professional professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic place name between like like so you know 1976 and 1981 1981 1981 1981 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of so so so so so uh you know you know the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million million million million million so you know like I mean Jews left Eastern Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe which at the time about you know so well I I I I I mean three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend we we we we we depend we depend we depend we depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St St St St St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove drove drove drove drove um so so well the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley Penley Penley Penley Penley I mean okay I mean you know 'Shortly after after after after after the team published its first results in 1940, you you you you you know uh you know well Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Chain's head of department, to I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet comet comet comet comet or meteorite impact uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean event located in between or to the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced values, values, values, values, values, so okay uh well the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 - um okay I mean you know 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located located located located located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, um um um um um um like okay and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving on leaving on leaving on leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving on leaving school he was apprenticed to learn learn learn learn learn book - um well like well keeping, conveyancing and and and and and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself you know I I I I I mean well I mean and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, Sichuan, Sichuan, Sichuan, Sichuan, you know okay so um while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and the the the the the uh well um like cemetery although it is now now now now now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan well okay okay okay okay okay like so in 1964 and entered Michigan State University, where he was was was was was uh um you know um editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by by by by by I mean well I mean so Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives lives lives lives lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard Packard Packard Packard Packard well so like like in 1956; nearly every every every every every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores by the um um um um um okay I mean so Kroll and Hunter process es. The The The The The most the most the most the most the the the the the most common compound, titanium so you know um um dioxide, dioxide, dioxide, dioxide, dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms disarms disarms disarms disarms Goodspeed, okay um I mean uh but Goodspeed convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 24 24 24 24 January 2012) so um like okay was a designer, designer, designer, designer, designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by well um um um um um like so finding a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach 179 Sandbach 179 179 179 179 179 Sandbach 179 Sandbach 179 Sandbach The first animals I I I I I mean like well well were born in the water, by the influence influence influence influence influence uh uh I mean I mean of the sun sun sun sun sun. Aetios V aetios V aetios V aetios V aetios V V V V V 19, 4 The human being okay I mean you know know know know know well was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named 'Iglesia 'Iglesia 'Iglesia 'Iglesia 'Iglesia um um you know well de Piedra' (Church of of of of of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the the the the the Gerald Schoenfeld so okay um you know Theatre on August August August August August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on uh you you you you you know so um October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department of of of of of so uh um you know English and continued there, there, there, there, there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set you you you you you know uh you know like at, for example, 15 ° ° ° ° ° relative to the apparent wind, okay I I I I I mean I mean uh the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any any any any any page listed uh I mean okay I mean in in in in in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt salt salt salt salt is a colourless so well like okay to white (although (although (although (although (although often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting substituting substituting substituting substituting for um well uh so aluminum) fibrous to needle needle needle needle needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, okay I I I I I mean well well and the town has held held held held held it every year since; well you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs okay you you you you you know uh I mean p. 55 A reportedly cruel ruler; he he he he he had great you know well um like pride of himself himself himself himself himself and used to burn whoever opposes him with um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related related related related related so like well so to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river the river the river the river the river begins as as as as as the Agra Oya, in the like so uh uh Horton Plains Plains Plains Plains Plains in the Central Highlands which have so so you know know know know know well an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed well um you know um BART's policies and procedures in in in in in the process of overseeing the um well you know um um um um um BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, in 2002, in 2002, in 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, 2002, in 2002, they were named the top 'One Life Life Life Life Life to Live' you know I mean uh um all - - - - - time romantic couple by magazine well you know so you you you you you know 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during during during during during so you know like well the life of its its its its its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) so okay uh uh uh uh uh um number of adherents of Islam has lived in in in in in Asia uh uh I mean okay and specially South and and and and and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open open open open open approximately you know like well like 50 locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the um you know know know know know well so fifth series of 'The X Factor Australia', covered covered covered covered covered it okay I mean um uh in his debut self self self self self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump so so so so so so uh uh behind Irving Baxter of the United United United United United States, and the bronze I mean you know you know know know know know I mean medal in the long jump behind Alvin Alvin Alvin Alvin Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer uh I mean um um Prinstein, he he he he he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship the ship the ship the ship the the the the the ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha Cha Cha Cha Cha - well um like well Jua, Helen A. Neville Page Page Page Page Page 211 - 226 well like well um The Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee for the Protection of the Foreign um um um um um you know well well Born aided in securing securing securing securing securing the right of a number of Japanese like like like like like you know um so Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak streak streak streak streak in well okay I mean like Division 1 College Football Football Football Football Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 if 1950 if 1950 if 1950 if 1950 1950 1950 1950 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it may like like like like like uh okay um approach Earth on March 16, 2880, 2880, 2880, 2880, 2880, though the mean okay you know okay I mean trajectory passes passes passes passes passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all through all through all through through through through through all through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; popular; popular; popular; popular; okay I mean like I mean the books sell more more more more more than a million copies annually, like I mean um like several several several several several new volumes are published each year, and the I I I I I mean like so so boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know know know know know what you know I mean so okay to do? ' ' ' ' ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the like um okay okay okay okay okay I mean informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that I I I I I mean uh um so he ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was was was was was you know I mean um um the first permanent permanent permanent permanent permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean so soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried so so so so so okay so um BRD, and another editor attempted a partial partial partial partial partial rollback, and an RfC, okay you know um like then then then then then when that didn't work, we worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase well well well well well like like like approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which which which which which ultimately well okay um so ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based based based based based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have have have have have terraces like uh you know uh or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Ms. Currently, Currently, Currently, Currently, Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for like like like like like like you know well FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter his daughter his daughter his daughter his his his his his daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in in in in in you know you know like uh 1832, and following Maulsby's Maulsby's Maulsby's Maulsby's Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - - - - - class well uh so like residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond samantha Bond samantha Bond samantha Bond samantha Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English actress, well well well well well well um you know best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - g- g- g- g- Star's flagship store is located located located located located in New York I mean I mean so you know know know know know City, United States; however, the brand is far more so so so so so so uh like famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him him him him him to the like I mean um so mines at Burjassot near near near near near Valencia, returning the next year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which which which which which um um so okay was the site of of of of of abuse and executions of political okay well um well dissidents under under under under under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse um um I mean mean mean mean mean like of prisoners by members of the United States Army Army Army Army Army like like well uh Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated as translated as translated as translated as translated translated translated translated translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: you know know know know know okay so okay the demonym is predicated of the prophet prophet prophet prophet prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, Connersville, Connersville, Connersville, Connersville, Indiana) um uh so um is an American actor actor actor actor actor who is perhaps best known for his recurring um um um um um like I mean so role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers uh well I mean I mean Association in 1966 1966 1966 1966 1966 and after merging with the International Interior you know know know know know okay so okay Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening the opening the opening the opening the opening of of of of of the new arena was attended by like you know you you you you you know so over 17, 000 people, who who who who who paid up to $ 50 for okay like like so so so so so tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a a a a a so so you know I mean Canadian football running back back back back back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, 1945, 1945, 1945, 1945, so you know okay you know claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy policy policy policy policy uh so like uh documents; less impact has been noted in in in in in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), 1870), 1870), 1870), 1870), so okay so okay also known as Ceran de Hault de de de de de Lassus de so you know so uh St. Vrain, was was was was was a major fur trader well I mean um like like like like like near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A uh I I I I I mean you know I mean doctrine which originates in the the the the the degradation of the individual whose so I mean like you know know know know know elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic entities so so so so so okay I mean well such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well a certain fuzzy set. One might might might might might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty 7empty 7empty 7empty 7empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic acoustic acoustic acoustic acoustic version, I mean okay okay I mean a duet duet duet duet duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel like like like like like okay so well Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who who who who who so uh well uh played in the 1930s, playing playing playing playing playing at representative level okay uh uh uh for England, England, England, England, England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately forty um like so okay square mile town twent - - - - - four hours a day uh I mean um like and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the in the in the in the in the corporate corporate corporate corporate corporate sphere, the name currently survives through like like you you you you you know um the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of um um um um um um um uh sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green the Green the Green the Green the the the the the Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri so okay uh uh uh uh uh like Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent I mean so so so so so you know uh freedom fighter, who played a key role role role role role during the so uh so um freedom movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family like like like like like uh um um was first recognized by the crown during the the the the the reign of well you know um so Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International International International International International Dialogue, uh I mean um well an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George George George George George okay you know um uh Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and um um um um um well um you know lobbied repeatedly for it: it it it it it seems that he I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay was actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in um um um um um like you know well the Confederate Army or or or or or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he was the first Mormon to be a like uh well well well well well uh major party presidential nominee, but lost the election election election election election to Barack Obama okay well so um by by by by by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson leif Svensson leif Svensson leif Svensson leif leif leif leif leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) I mean um um um um um so I mean is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who who who who who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September so uh well well well well well uh 1939 Ireland was in no position to to to to to become involved, in um I mean so you you you you you know fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the the the the the infectious um okay like um disease and public health health health health health community, in the US particularly their professional organizations okay okay okay okay okay well uh well like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) 1615) 1615) 1615) 1615) was well well uh um an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 well I I I I I mean well like May 2017) was an American former former former former former competition swimmer, American Olympic well uh okay uh champion, champion, champion, champion, champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record record record record record well I mean okay you know - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered covered covered covered covered on um well so um the original BBC BBC BBC BBC BBC Radio 5; the um I mean uh um station station station station station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai james Paringatai james Paringatai james Paringatai Paringatai Paringatai Paringatai Paringatai james Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New New New New New Zealand) uh uh I mean like is a New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays for so you know so you know the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by by by by by well like well um the Walthamstow Literary Institute at at at at at the Trinity schoolroom, like like like you know in West West West West West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and so so so so so I mean so like they are not a a a a a recognized pure - breed in okay so uh okay the the the the the Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers and uh um you know know know know know um specialist breeders keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri uh uh uh uh uh so um well officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling selling selling selling selling both their home so um like you know in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened likened likened likened likened Stewart okay you know like you know to 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart gave him, saying, saying, saying, saying, saying, so well you know well ' The most amazing thing thing thing thing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is I mean um um um um um uh so a failure as businessman and has steered the the the the the catering business I mean uh I mean um bestowed bestowed bestowed bestowed bestowed to him by his father to the brink brink brink brink brink of so like you know you know bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance you know um um um um um so okay to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic economic economic economic economic rate well um like okay of return (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) is a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition well well well well well so you know okay combined with his distinctive posing styles makes makes makes makes makes Kamali a sought um uh okay well out bodybuilder bodybuilder bodybuilder bodybuilder bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been like uh uh uh uh uh you know okay featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in in in in in addition, Dodin has won 7 um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean ITF singles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit and has I I I I I mean okay you know okay reached the final of the 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la okay well well okay Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island the island the island the island the island supports supports supports supports supports a small population that has been whaling for for for for for um like I mean okay hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard uh well I mean like the 'Black Pearl' as the the the the the crew abandons the ship, and okay like um so the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), 2012), 2012), 2012), 2012), the like so you know well product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles eve Myles eve Myles eve Myles eve eve eve eve eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh okay television, film, stage and voice actress who who who who who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of of of of of well um okay you know his subject material; for for for for for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and and and and and so I mean okay I mean performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district so well I mean mean mean mean mean uh represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became okay okay okay okay okay like okay um Ankole, believed to have been run run run run run by the Bachwezi dynasty in okay um okay uh the the the the the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make like uh uh uh uh uh so um an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional professional professional professional professional uh I mean you know I mean ice ice ice ice ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN CNN CNN CNN CNN International, okay um you know um based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise well well well well well you know so um in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes pushes pushes pushes pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's daughter okay okay okay okay okay well like well then wlks under the decking and Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex imtandly follows after you know um okay okay a gun gun gun gun gun shot is heard when she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less Less Less Less Less I mean um like well Annoying CRM, also known known known known known as LACRM which is a customer I mean um um um um um so okay relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the you know know know know know um I mean okay Highlands and rebuilt in the 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, you know well well well well well well well a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the the the the the London Borough you know uh so okay of Redbridge Redbridge Redbridge Redbridge Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, okay okay okay okay okay well okay so the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy toy toy toy toy armies made of captured you know you know um well human human human human human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first united's first united's first united's first united's united's united's united's united's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Whitham Whitham Whitham Whitham Whitham who both okay I mean well so appeared for England on 5 5 5 5 5 March 1892 and the most I mean you know know know know know like uh recent player to be capped capped capped capped capped while with United like so like uh was another another another another another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth uh um like like and final season with the Silvertips; he he he he he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals goals goals goals goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay sophie McKay sophie McKay sophie McKay sophie sophie sophie sophie sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles into into into into into Ferndale like well like I mean High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time time time time time between the um uh well well two tours, winning twice twice twice twice twice on the Nationwide Tour, so uh like um and finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing twelfth on the money list to regain um um um um um you know well um his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and and and and and may so I mean you know I mean be be be be be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed like like like like like I mean I mean like to Staffordshire Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one their one their one their one their their their their their one weak point is that they are I mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like show - offs, and can can can can can not resist shaping themselves so you know um so to to to to to spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company company company company company based I mean uh well well in Canberra, Australia, that that that that that invented a local positioning system like like okay you know know know know know that government, commercial and other organizations use to okay like like like like like um like determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was the first graduate and judicial officer well you know uh uh uh uh uh you know of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The I I I I I mean so um well aim is to communicate to do do do do do a good okay I mean like like cultural, social social social social social activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th September 1984 so um uh like by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of okay okay well you know know know know know Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a memorial memorial memorial memorial memorial brass well okay well okay placed in All Saints church church church church church in Durston which includes a I mean um um um um um um well picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers jinx recovers jinx recovers jinx recovers jinx recovers recovers recovers recovers recovers and soon notices that something is next to well I I I I I mean uh I mean him, feels the cat's head and and and and and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities high velocities high velocities high velocities high velocities velocities velocities velocities velocities can cause light pellets to deform or uh uh like so so so so so even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti 'Sutti 'Sutti 'Sutti 'Sutti uh okay well well Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station station station station station so um like um is said to be found, found, found, found, found, for example the antenna mentioned um well like I mean mean mean mean mean above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is I I I I I mean well well so a Swedish singer who began singing singing singing singing singing in Thore uh okay you know uh Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests suggests suggests suggests suggests like um I mean so twelve were killed during the The The The The The War of Power, you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests suggests suggests suggests suggests that well um um I mean there were were were were were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained trained trained trained trained by um you know well you know Heihachi Mishima; this this this this this was explained by Paul having witnessed like so okay okay okay okay okay well as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W W W W W uh I mean well uh. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at at at at at Dundee was you know um like I mean mean mean mean mean the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was was was was was uh you know um like granted in London London London London London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on on on on on December like well so well 15, 2009 and uses photos, photos, photos, photos, photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof. Spärck prof prof prof prof prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, um um um um um um um you know an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for for for for for their um so okay well first original sitcom; in 'Playing 'Playing 'Playing 'Playing 'Playing Shop', the two star so okay like uh as Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business um like like like like like well uh together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, well okay uh uh uh uh uh you know 971 votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde Clyde Clyde Clyde Clyde C. Holloway, the uh you know you know well fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth - place candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical like well I mean okay okay okay okay okay institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, well I mean um so Chennai. Serves students in in in in in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon soon soon soon soon jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an an an an an okay uh you know uh affair with a married married married married married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack at Gravesend, okay well well okay New York until 1913, and and and and and at Aqueduct Racetrack in okay okay well like 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like moved to Belmont Park Park Park Park Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, all events, all events, all events, all all all all all events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to um um um um um uh so uh the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while while while while while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during um so okay you you you you you know the Second World War when operating on Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Hawker Typhoons over well so I mean well occupied Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction you know well well well well well I mean um to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player selected selected selected selected selected uh I mean so uh in the NFL draft, draft, draft, draft, draft, and it is a parody of the you know like like like like like like I mean Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Prize in um um I mean uh 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit Nagra well well well well well you know you know well as judges, and and and and and will be launching the second Manchester Fiction Prize well well well well well like um well in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to okay I I I I I mean well uh Rod in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives um um um um um um so um - laden boat rammed the starboard starboard starboard starboard starboard side of the I mean I mean well so so so so so tanker and detonated, catching the vessel on fire and spewing spewing spewing spewing spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined mazari joined mazari joined mazari joined mazari mazari mazari mazari mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf well well well well well um um uh in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in in in in in the city um I mean okay like of Long Beach, Beach, Beach, Beach, Beach, California and features a collection of over I I I I I mean well uh okay 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and autry and autry and autry and autry and later later later later later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary Western you know know know know know so uh I mean setting, rather than the 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th Century 'Wild West' era you know well uh so so so so so that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the for the for the for the for for for for for the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the you you you you you know I mean so um new Arizona 9th congressional district district district district district after redistricting, but instead well um um so chose to run in in in in in the newly configured 6th district, so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth the fourth the fourth the the the the the fourth the fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between between between between between 1987 so like well uh and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality municipality municipality municipality municipality like like okay I mean of Trent Trent Trent Trent Trent established the national guard and sent a well so um um um um um like patriotic appeal to the citizens in which which which which which they expressed so I mean I mean uh the wish wish wish wish wish that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas you know know know know know well um like and oratorios, and 27 27 27 27 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko Sachiko (Kouko) well um like so Okada, using the name Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka well well well well well uh okay you know Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, large, large, large, large, acaulescent or you know well you know I mean erect trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, sickly, sickly, sickly, sickly, distorted like I mean so so amalgamation of human human human human human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him into uh um um um um um well uh a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his his his his his insect well uh I mean uh heritage being a a a a a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony well well well well well well you know you know Orchestra in 1948, the same same same same same year he became a you know well I mean I I I I I mean member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 well well well well well okay um like renamed it the Anchor Line of Steam Packet Packet Packet Packet Packet and commissioned like I mean okay so a pennant pennant pennant pennant pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom sitcom I mean I mean uh you know 'Leave It to to to to to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, launched, launched, launched, launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was was was was was uh like like well the man to lead and entry entry entry entry entry to Tibet might so uh um so be possible because because because because because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed designed designed designed designed to recognize well um well um some of the most innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is is is is is an well um uh you know English professional rugby league footballer who who who who who played in the um uh well um 1970s, playing at representative representative representative representative representative level for Wales, and at um uh well like club club club club club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie when Charlie when Charlie when Charlie when Charlie found a a a a a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in you know know know know know like like okay Stockholm that it will have have have have have some of its mobile phones made in well I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh India, and that its two outsourcing partners, partners, partners, partners, partners, FLextronics and Foxconn uh uh um uh will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of university of university of university of university university university university university of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of you know know know know know um uh okay Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath operation Fath operation Fath operation Fath operation operation operation operation operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation operation operation operation operation okay so uh so by Iran to retake retake retake retake retake the Dezful - Shush I mean so so like like like like like area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her her her her her last like well um um rock - oriented album of of of of of the 1980s, before she well well um you know would go on on on on on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' I I I I I mean well I mean uh was made, but the the the the the only member of the band featured I I I I I mean um okay like was Amos, since by then, unable unable unable unable unable to withstand pressure from um well um like like like like like Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a well okay well well well well well well former American football center who played for nine seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three three three three three children I mean uh okay okay by her second second second second second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well Simon Schouten but is known professionally by by by by by the surname uh well like well of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in like you you you you you know okay well Avignon, Vaucluse), who changed her name to Mazarine Mazarine Mazarine Mazarine Mazarine Marie Pingeot well so okay like - Mitterrand in 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative Conservative Conservative Conservative Conservative government in June I mean uh you know you you you you you know 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced like okay okay uh both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which which which which which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house the house the house the house the house house house house house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose so I mean mean mean mean mean like so - pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club so so so so so so uh I mean struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback comeback comeback comeback comeback you know so you know so in the final final final final final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal chartered Legal chartered Legal chartered Legal chartered Legal Executives in in in in in England and Wales can become I mean you know um um um um um um partners in law firms and are eligible for for for for for certain I mean okay um I mean judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida theaters I mean so I mean well and was was was was was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come uh uh uh uh uh um like well Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded she founded she founded she founded she founded founded founded founded founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has has has has has so like like like worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - - - - - 83 okay okay um I mean season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, in 1978, in 1978, in 1978, in in in in in 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean uh however even today it it it it it is unknown who was responsible some um I mean mean mean mean mean okay so point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the then the then the then the then then then then then the result only says that it would be you you you you you know okay um um better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat I mean mean mean mean mean uh um well established the Roya Film House and under this this this this this banner produced so well okay like more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made made made made made well okay well I mean with a hand plane or or or or or other method of like um you know like wood removal and and and and and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only not only not only not only not not not not not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but I mean well well well well well like okay the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, Artista um well you know okay Salon services worth ₱ ₱ ₱ ₱ ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, Argentina, Argentina, Argentina, Argentina, which okay so like uh also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Jace H. Jace H. Jace H. Jace H H H H H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American so so so so so okay um like professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on on on on on Durmitor mountain, and so okay uh um had been thought thought thought thought thought to be the highest point um okay you know well well well well well in Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that was was was was was called uh so I mean uh Ain Libbaya or Ayn Ayn Ayn Ayn Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst you know like uh so so so so so a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' sis' sis' sis' sis' Ioannou well I mean I mean well / Ionides Ionides Ionides Ionides Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora like uh well uh uh uh uh uh Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set set set set set okay I mean like well up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked worked worked worked worked to um you know like um lower the voting age age age age age in Indiana, and well I mean you know so so so so so continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be you you you you you know well well uh found the sardine port of Douarnenez which which which which which gives the bay its so you know well okay name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro um um I I I I I mean well ferry owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he but he but he but he but he was was was was was not the only whale uh okay you know you you you you you know to attack his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian so I mean um well Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, 2017, 2017, 2017, 2017, Musolli received a call I mean like okay you know - up up up up up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat seat seat seat seat uh okay you know you know Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at well um uh uh uh uh uh um the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a um um um um um uh okay well limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 1372 1372 1372 1372 you know I mean so okay AH / 25 June 1953) 1953) 1953) 1953) 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and and and and and was um um so well later to become professor professor professor professor professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall Kendall Kendall Kendall Kendall STacey the well so you know like first he is is is is is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop so so you you you you you know uh but was killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George George George George George okay so okay well Duncan, and the property has become become become become become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied uh I I I I I mean you know like Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion which can be okay I mean uh you know know know know know used to advance your position in discussion about the topics um um um um um well okay okay directly or indirectly related to Serbia or or or or or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean - based holding company, company, company, company, company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, so um you know know know know know well whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are are are are are uh um like um not authentic but cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap knock - offs (as you know like um I I I I I mean the boys originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz like uh uh uh uh uh okay uh der Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never never never never never translated into um okay I mean uh English English English English English ), in which he recounted 100 or so like I I I I I mean um you know anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock rock rock rock rock band okay like so okay Tommy James and the Shondells Shondells Shondells Shondells Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General you know know know know know um I mean uh in the Myanmar Islam Religious Religious Religious Religious Religious Council until his passing like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German German German German German I mean um uh you know Cross in Gold for his his his his his achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the following the following the following the following the the the the the events of the previous games, the magical well you know well well well well well you know land of Gensokyo is once again again again again again at peace until yōkai like uh um like begin begin begin begin begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy cavalry, like um I mean so and a similar similar similar similar similar number of infantry, from which around 1000 I mean you you you you you know I mean okay cavalry and 400 infantry were were were were were mercenaries hired by Polish so okay so okay king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May May May May May 1926 um like I mean okay constitutional reforms of the the the the the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was munchak was munchak was munchak was munchak munchak munchak munchak munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State um um I I I I I mean like from 1978 - 1981 during this time time time time time he was okay you know I mean you know a starter starter starter starter starter for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; so I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, you know okay uh you know which was was was was was formed on 1 April 1974 under the so so so so so I mean you know okay Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes okay you know okay okay from 'Nazoraios' in the the the the the New Testament, for a Jewish like uh uh so Christian sect sect sect sect sect apparently centered in the areas of like okay uh uh uh uh uh well Coele - Syria, Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously simultaneously simultaneously simultaneously simultaneously um you know so uh in the Judean Hills in in in in in front of Nablus and at crossings so you know you you you you you know okay of the Jordan River as well as as as as as attacking the well uh you know I mean Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily Urdu Urdu Urdu Urdu Urdu well well I mean okay daily Jang and at present present present present present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, outside, outside, outside, outside, enters okay I mean like um the capsule, capsule, capsule, capsule, capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north of of of of of I mean so you know like Tunisia, on the hills hills hills hills hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 well well okay okay km (12 (12 (12 (12 (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - you you you you you know you know like okay el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used used used used used by you know well well I mean the Army of the the the the the Soviet Union during World okay like uh okay War II II II II II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors well okay uh like like like like like embedded on the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and so so so so so well okay um possible wheel impact conditions are are are are are flawed in the sense I mean well okay so that that that that that these sensors would not be able to distinguished between between between between between like okay um um vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, I mean well um I mean lead singer and and and and and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to to to to to the movies harsh subject manner and so like you you you you you know like in your face stlye, it has divided audieces and and and and and well I mean I mean uh critics, but but but but but has succesfully found a cult audience in the um like you you you you you know okay US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm mm mm mm mm well I mean um like. The local the local local local local local the local the local the local governmental offices are are are are are reside in Batam Centre, like I mean I I I I I mean well biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who who who who who in uh uh I mean well 2004 coined the term term term term term 'Female - Led' in her writings and well okay okay okay okay okay you know like also began to advance advance advance advance advance the terminology to describe her approach to well like well well well well well uh an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used used used used used by the okay okay well well demoscene and related related related related related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector sector sector sector sector of the so um well like line the pioneers were were were were were digging under was subjected to so you know you know I I I I I mean a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during during during during during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time time time time time um you know well I mean strategy and role role role role role - playing video game created by German you know well well well well well okay well game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to like okay uh uh uh uh uh you know the boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a a a a a I mean uh I mean I mean general and and and and and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before like well well well well well well well moving to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are they are they are they are they they they they they are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others well um um um um um I mean I mean in the superfamily by a a a a a combination of minute characters, you know so like okay and and and and and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in like like like like like you know uh you know biological organisms and failure failure failure failure failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability you know well like like like like like you know analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol the protocol protocol protocol protocol protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is um um um um um so okay I mean secondary, such as smoke grenades grenades grenades grenades grenades and tracer rounds, although okay well okay um this this this this this has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist chaitanya's journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of city city city city city I mean like you know um D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows vows vows vows vows to you know you know uh so protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft aloft aloft aloft aloft occurs ahead you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of of of of of smft within the so like I mean so troposphere below, below, below, below, below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan plan plan plan plan to um you know um so kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman Born: Born: Born: Born: Born: so uh so so , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had had had had had uh so so well learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print Print Print Print Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two years years years years years well okay I mean so later; police have said others others others others others were involved in what they um like okay okay okay okay okay so consider a murder for hire motivated by by by by by Markel's bitter divorce uh I mean okay well from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, like like like like like you know like okay and the resulting baked good's texture texture texture texture texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse the so okay I mean uh anticoagulant effect of dabigatran dabigatran dabigatran dabigatran dabigatran in the event of a I mean I I I I I mean okay uh major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a a a a a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television atelevision atelevision atelevision atelevision role followed as Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than you know like uh um um um um um Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC so so so so so um I mean like 202, but the pairing pairing pairing pairing pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in in in in in Lac I mean uh like well La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the during the during the during the the the the the during the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver silver silver silver silver well uh uh uh medal in his Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', petteri', petteri', petteri', petteri', is a um okay um like species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little alittle alittle alittle alittle golem that can not speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, but is shown so well you know you know know know know know to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's Yoshizumi's well okay well um assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of of of of of direction in so I mean uh uh the line as as as as as it jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject subject subject subject subject to I mean like um so the same complications complications complications complications complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to to to to to okay uh like like sixth, earning their first first first first first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but well um you you you you you know um opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro Negro Negro Negro Negro um well I mean um high School in in in in in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', Vitae', Vitae', Vitae', Vitae', okay like so um which appeared in the the the the the reign of Theodosius I, as the work you know um um um um um like okay of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired he retired he retired he retired he retired retired retired retired retired from playing in 1952 and ran a I mean mean mean mean mean you know okay well pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour colour colour colour colour instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently he currently he currently he currently he he he he he currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also like you you you you you know well you know voiced a variety of of of of of comic superheroes and villains so um you know you you you you you know in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and and and and and 'Katha O uh you know so okay Kahini' Kahini' Kahini' Kahini' Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live they live they live they live they they they they they live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr um um um um um like like so. T and tand tand tand tand tand tand tand tand Pain played football at Brown University and well um um you you you you you know Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that I mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean Jessie was coerced is considered a certifiable certifiable certifiable certifiable certifiable fraud like you know so well by his peers, peers, peers, peers, peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in in in in in removing um well I mean okay everything of of of of of value from their victims, and often went well you you you you you know uh um further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of Tudela Tudela Tudela Tudela Tudela you know um uh you know and and and and and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the the the the the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was was was was was the so so like you know daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of a well - to - do family, and like like like like like I mean so well had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife salesman salesman salesman salesman salesman at well you know I mean so Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson a a a a a so okay well okay 15 - inch (380 mm) German German German German German - made knife okay well I mean well similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds holds holds holds holds okay well I mean um a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a um like like like like like I mean you know suspect for the first time and and and and and concedes that the um like I mean so so so so so interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status you know know know know know uh I mean I mean by the University of of of of of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in in in in in um you know you know well diplomatic work in in in in in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not not not not not show you know like so well the soft submissive temperament temperament temperament temperament temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / / / / / DC's like well okay like 2008 release Black Black Black Black Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical ethical ethical ethical ethical traditions I mean you know um you know and religions) religions) religions) religions) religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always impose impose impose impose impose trained so well okay uh judges who are presumed to to to to to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the the the the the Greater uh I mean um well Phoenix region that encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, well I mean mean mean mean mean uh like Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized sized sized sized sized canid you know so you know you know found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the um so so so so so uh you know Red Shirt leaders accountable for the the the the the damages and crimes, you know um well so while supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 in 2005 in 2005 in 2005 in in in in in 2005 he joined the faculty at the the the the the University of Texas so like uh I mean at Austin, Austin, Austin, Austin, Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor like like like like like so you know uh of History and Professor of Government, Government, Government, Government, Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and um um um um um um so like the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning upon returning upon returning upon returning returning returning returning returning upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, career, career, career, career, tutoring okay well okay I mean for the Open Open Open Open Open University, founding the Unit for the well um so so so so so so Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, the club, the club, the club, the club, formed formed formed formed formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean so Turkey has advanced through the league system system system system system and is well um uh so currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring spring spring spring spring um so you know I mean semesters and fortnightly during during during during during the two summer semester blocks I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean well and typically runs with two sections, between twelve twelve twelve twelve twelve so well I mean you know pages pages pages pages pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and model and model and model and and and and and model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 And in you know uh okay um the 40's she began began began began began to acquire valuable experience as uh so so uh a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From From From From From Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell from Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD well um uh uh uh uh uh so bomb squad robot, with the robot placing it it it it it in a 'total you know you know you you you you you know I mean containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a a a a a so so I mean I mean police truck) and driving driving driving driving driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his his his his his so uh you know I mean studio and and and and and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later enlarging his his his his his so I mean so like repertoire to landscapes of his native native native native native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in you know know know know know well okay okay the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective the objective the objective the objective the objective objective objective objective objective of the U Family community is to build build build build build well like okay you know up 'strong and happy families' families' families' families' families' in Singapore with the development um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean of family - focused initiatives and programmes to strengthen strengthen strengthen strengthen strengthen I mean like I mean well family bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he currently he currently he currently he currently currently currently currently currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, uh okay okay okay okay okay um I mean Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director director director director director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began he began he began he began he he he he he began racing in CART in 1998 and made his his his his his uh uh I mean you know first IRL start in in in in in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in early in early in early in early in 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, like uh uh uh uh uh so you know James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges and like well um I mean Martin Johnson, while the the the the the song was produced by uh like so so Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of of of of of uh well you know um sustained first - person perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective in film as well like you know um a a a a a reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences so so so so so uh like well (Walters, James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old old old old old uh okay so uh manager an easy ride and and and and and let him add I mean uh uh um to to to to to the three title success he had I mean like uh uh uh uh uh okay managed them to in his time there, there, there, there, there, but Roy you know okay like well Evans Evans Evans Evans Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is mVaaS is mVaaS is mVaaS is mVaaS is is is is is often used to address the challenges of managing I I I I I mean I mean so so distributed video systems across multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura okay well you know well marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled like like like like like uh um so artillery and trucks, in many cases cases cases cases cases the division made I mean okay um so use of of of of of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and I mean mean mean mean mean well like um modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made hall made hall made hall made hall hall hall hall hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in in in in in eight okay okay like okay years with Colchester, an an an an an achievement that meant the former like um um um left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon venancio Bacon venancio Bacon venancio Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon venancio Bacon was among the first members of the the the the the um well like um Doce Pares Club, and a few few few few few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third third third third third season you know like I mean you know of the the the the the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city uh like like like like like so like of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up up up up up to I mean so um um become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( I I I I I mean I mean you know well Irish 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' Gaillimh' Gaillimh' Gaillimh' Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was safety was safety was safety was safety was was was was was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans I I I I I mean okay well so drew 4 -- 4 with with with with with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 April I mean um uh so so so so so 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- -- -- -- -- 1, uh okay like like although Andrea Orlandi posted posted posted posted posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) you you you you you know uh okay well is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang Fang Fang Fang Fang Hong, um like okay so a dissident blogger who had had had had had been sent to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Preservation Preservation Preservation Preservation Commission I mean um you know um approved nomination nomination nomination nomination nomination of the building for the National Register of so okay like like like like like okay Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided so well I I I I I mean so to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists Loyalists Loyalists Loyalists Loyalists I mean so you know I mean stayed in the the the the the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 you know like uh well well well well well loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen as well well well well well so um uh the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, however, however, however, however, when she you know um uh so realizes that that that that that she is pregnant with her second well I mean so so so so so um child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, television, television, television, television, um uh like like as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men both men both men both men both men men men men men were also principals with major responsibilities at okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh RailAmerica as well, although the the the the the ownership of FEC and okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of of of of of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the the the the the like um so so town mansions of leading members members members members members of the aristocracy; exclusive well like okay um public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main main main main main ghat in Varanasi okay you know so okay on the Ganges River, River, River, River, River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, like like like like like um uh so as a judge, issued controversial rulings rulings rulings rulings rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year I I I I I mean so uh like - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international so so so so so I mean you know so footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club club club club club football for Port Lions so uh so okay F F F F F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and and and and and if well like uh okay the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid amid amid amid amid a well you know so uh flurry of press press press press press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started karčev started karčev started karčev started karčev karčev karčev karčev karčev started his career on the youth team of FK you know know know know know you know well um Partizan in Serbia before moving back back back back back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded I mean mean mean mean mean like so like in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified so well well well well well okay so estate, consisting of separate areas in different parts parts parts parts parts of Mexico, you know okay uh uh covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager okay like like like like like okay well of the UIC and went on to to to to to publish several okay so okay okay books, including including including including including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to I mean okay okay okay okay okay so so Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 the GZ250 is is is is is the only model currently produced well okay well well well well well you know and available in the United States, while the GZ125 is is is is is so um um um available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all all all all all I mean uh uh like of Southeast Asia; Asia; Asia; Asia; Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western the Western the Western the Western the the the the the Western honey bee is the third insect to have its I I I I I mean um uh well genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became she became she became she became she she she she she became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing okay okay okay okay okay okay um like the country on many international visits. Now days now now now now now days now days now days now days she you know like like like like like you know I mean is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in in in in in you know um like so the Navitilevu Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist minority minority minority minority minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour well well well well well well uh okay led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority government government government government government well you know so uh fell in June 1909 1909 1909 1909 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died he died he died he died died died died died he died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a a a a a uh okay like well Best Actress nomination at at at at at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an I I I I I mean okay so so archetype directly directly directly directly directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And And And And And you know so like okay Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke I I I I I mean okay okay like University where he was the the the the the first Duke basketball player to earn um um um um um um um you know All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben ben ben ben ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of I I I I I mean I mean you know okay the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in in in in in I mean you know uh well Newtownabbey was robbed at knifepoint, knifepoint, knifepoint, knifepoint, knifepoint, while a bus was set alight you know well you you you you you know you know in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was was was was was you know you know um uh started more than than than than than 100 years back providing education up to you know know know know know well um so 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies it flies it flies it flies it flies flies flies flies flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals individuals individuals individuals individuals. They are they are they are they are they are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 WPA uh well well so World Eight - ball ball ball ball ball Championship, but lost to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities abilities abilities abilities abilities is you know okay well uh the worst ruler; impartial impartial impartial impartial impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out through his his his his his so um well well mother that Alma attempted suicide by by by by by slashing her uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying that that that that that um like you know well if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 well well well well well uh so you know and reopened on 27 27 27 27 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has abercrombie has abercrombie has abercrombie has abercrombie has has has has has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM um okay like like like like like well label; his first notable recordings were two two two two two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came came came came came well well well you know up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip hip hip hip hip you know um you know so hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone um um um um um um okay well will get killed if he he he he he does so, Andy puts the okay so uh like like like like like final piece of on rock, which then falls falls falls falls falls into so um um okay the portal, which begins begins begins begins begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs MPs MPs MPs MPs to break like so um so party ranks ranks ranks ranks ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism like like like like like like I mean well Act, arguing that it violated traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional civil liberties I mean okay so uh and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States Marines Marines Marines Marines Marines well I mean so uh in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and and and and and emotional um I mean um uh information; people, perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, water, water, water, water, well uh like like the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport transport transport transport transport I mean um uh uh vessels, and in the the the the the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, I mean well well like it was often used used used used used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was was was was was I mean okay uh okay developed under the GPL v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 license and offers a series okay well so so so so so so of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most most most most most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, in 1978, in 1978, in 1978, in in in in in 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped like uh uh uh uh uh well you know at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal these animal these animal these animal these animal experiments experiments experiments experiments experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be a very very very very very well um uh you know primitive development, that is, it it it it it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' a'calung' a'calung' a'calung' a'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used used used used used in I mean I mean you know okay the Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and um um um um um um so I mean agree to call each each each each each other after they both wake up okay like you you you you you know so to see if they were both really really really really really there well um you know uh and then Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type type type type type superchargers, as the okay okay um you know three main main main main main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure if if if if if revved beyond I mean I mean like well 6, 500 500 500 500 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a TR4 to produce um um um um um uh so well much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this this this this this number well you know um um has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of some of some of some of some of of of of of the land origianlly deeded for the new campus so so so so so uh I mean uh was sold and developed with with with with with homes, but in 1949 you know like uh like like like like like Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one one one one one well I mean like so of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of like like like like like I mean I mean okay the same name by Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Lewis, about the Financial uh um okay so crisis of 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased increased increased increased increased um okay I mean like recognition for survivors, and she she she she she successfully negotiated that they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see I I I I I mean you know so well below), since 2008, Verreos has been been been been been a regular panel um I mean um so so so so so member on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, you you you you you know you know um I mean which covers the Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 you you you you you know okay um well yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl vinyl vinyl vinyl vinyl I mean so uh uh - siloxane as a starting starting starting starting starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she she she she she served okay uh you know like in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, which like like like like like I mean so uh features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and and and and and I mean um so you know networking on key issues issues issues issues issues. Extending its extending its extending its extending its extending its its its its its agenda beyond business, CII um you know uh uh uh uh uh you know assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events uh well so so so so so I mean are ancient and rare but but but but but possibly provided variable gene functions okay um um I I I I I mean like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where where where where where he attended Ouachita like uh okay you know Christian School School School School School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro okay I mean mean mean mean mean like okay Magician' while his short stories have been published published published published published in a okay like okay you know number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and and and and and Mr you know like you know so. Bennet explains explains explains explains explains that her that Chandra has a list so so so so so um so okay with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, well uh you know so Georgia, was established on November November November November November 29, 1930, by okay um um okay the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 appearances um um um um um uh um so for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he he he he he was a key member I mean you know well I I I I I mean of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls like um uh uh 'Generation's songs, Soo - - - - - young has helped penning the lyrics you know um uh uh uh uh uh well for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is einsiedeln is einsiedeln is einsiedeln is einsiedeln is is is is is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the um I mean mean mean mean mean okay okay Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Our Our Our Our Lady of the Hermits, uh you know okay um that title title title title title being derived from the circumstances of its like like like like like like okay well foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of of of of of North Garo so so I mean like Hills District in in in in in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack I mean mean mean mean mean you know so um of diamonds playing card being being being being being shredded by a bullet is used in well uh well well well well well like the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all almost all almost all almost all almost all the the the the the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources well so I I I I I mean um (primary and secondary batteries); however, there there there there there are no convenient, constant uh like um uh current current current current current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on work on work on work on work on 'Ursa Major' Major' Major' Major' Major' began shortly after the release um like I mean mean mean mean mean you know of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, 2003, 2003, 2003, 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal um well you know like Scottish Academy of Music Music Music Music Music & Drama he won a Laurence okay you you you you you know I mean well Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no okay okay okay okay okay well well well profit with the exception of the the the the the sale of his okay so well um farm farm farm farm farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out I mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean of humour' when he found found found found found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using uh uh um um um um um uh the 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules rules rules rules rules with some small well like so um differences, differences, differences, differences, differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal Terminal Terminal Terminal Terminal well you know well so and a series of of of of of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions institutions institutions institutions institutions um like uh okay grew they become evermore corrupted by by by by by the influence of power and money, um so okay okay okay okay okay um eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group the group the group the group the group group group group group is a South African financial services group okay well um um um um um so that is listed on the Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and is I mean well uh uh uh uh uh I mean regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is is is is is a volcanic well you know you know well island island island island island there are a few black sandy like okay so so so so so so beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the the the the the um okay um I mean son of Plastic Plastic Plastic Plastic Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported she reported she reported she reported she reported reported reported reported reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Islamist you know well you know I mean militia in in in in in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the court well well well well well well I mean uh system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- -- -- -- -- 10 March I mean um so uh 2003) was a a a a a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is is is is is a so uh uh you know synthesizer manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 I mean like I mean like as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing well I mean I mean so and communications firm firm firm firm firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks um okay okay okay okay okay uh well were and that it would be 'exciting' 'exciting' 'exciting' 'exciting' 'exciting' to visit the like like so I mean city city city city city for the first time and his team wanted to I mean mean mean mean mean well well uh maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to to to to to the like uh I mean you know antelope mainly due to to to to to its great size, but um like um like it it it it it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted to to to to to well um uh uh the RLM but it was was was was was the design of Walter Günter with okay like you know know know know know um his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from graduating from graduating from graduating from graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended attended attended attended attended the University you know okay you know like like like like like of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who who who who who well uh well um gained the attention of Khorne when when when when when she slew anyone like you know like well in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to you know know know know know well uh you know describe the tattooed bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies of the people residing in the well okay okay okay okay okay you know so islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny kevin Penny kevin Penny kevin Penny kevin Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny is an English professional rugby league player for uh uh uh uh uh uh like so Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan loan loan loan loan for you know you know like I mean Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining when examining when examining when examining when examining examining examining examining examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where Where Where Where Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the the the the the you know I mean uh you know mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Odes um so okay okay and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based I I I I I mean like like uh on a different model than than than than than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the you know know know know know I mean I mean um king soon tired of the long long long long long journey and was bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - - - - - um I mean okay so Newark (Peak time only) was was was was was operated briefly with the service well well well so being being being being being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, Internet, Internet, Internet, Internet, online you know I mean um um friendships have have have have have changed significantly; it is possible to hold real - - - - - time okay like so okay audio and video video video video video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 on 25 on 25 on on on on on 25 on 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared so so so so so okay I mean I mean the city of of of of of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' um so so so so so like I mean ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff so so so so so I mean so so the action was begun via an an an an an attachment of so so uh uh privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned well like like like like like well um like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in in in in in okay okay you know uh 229 BC, that that that that that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking the I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so city as part of the Illyrian Conquests Conquests Conquests Conquests Conquests took place in Spring uh um you know know know know know okay 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian Croatian Croatian Croatian Croatian um well uh like darts player who qualified for for for for for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in uh um okay like like like like like Cordele, GA) is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, founder, founder, founder, founder, well um uh um president, and CEO of the the the the the Daystar Television Network, um I mean well so the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and and and and and tier okay well like well arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch like you you you you you know so so Neudorf' that was used before the year year year year year 1914 notable is uh well so I mean that that that that that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B R&B R&B R&B R&B well I mean so okay and the old skool skool skool skool skool rave / jungle techno sound and releases like you you you you you know um okay his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' practically, 'Cantonese' practically, practically, practically, practically, practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know the dialects in in in in in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the okay I mean so so so so so so Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit bit bit bit bit different both uh like okay um in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on so so so so so you know like you know 1 July 1876, 1876, 1876, 1876, 1876, and worked first as a school like I mean like like like like like I mean teacher in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, left Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany you know like so well in January 1933, and seven seven seven seven seven months old, John and his mother um um um um um so okay uh arrived in England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District District District District District uh you know you know uh / West, North North North North North Central Service and Milwaukee District / um um you know so so so so so North lines, and is the last last last last last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of of of of of October um I mean I mean so 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Football Club in in in in in uh uh um so the Australian Football League (AFL), the the the the the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became the 'de 'de 'de 'de 'de okay so okay okay facto' dictator of Charleston until the the the the the town was abandoned um so well like around 1889, at at at at at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he was was was was was I mean so like so working at a railroad railroad railroad railroad railroad company, and found that monthly accounting like I mean like like like like like I mean was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, Porterville, Porterville, Porterville, Porterville, um well uh okay California and is mostly known known known known known for his time you know like um uh with the the the the the Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering okay uh well so so so so so with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under under under under under Amasis okay you know you know okay II. This brief brief brief brief brief this brief this brief this brief this brief period of Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian domination left its influence mainly okay I mean so you you you you you know in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction Conjunction Conjunction Conjunction Conjunction with I mean you know so you know Search for for for for for a Star (Launched as a joint project with well uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh the Daily Star Sunday), a a a a a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets many Jets many Jets many Jets many many many many many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter you know I I I I I mean well you know what the cost, while some some some some some New York Giants fans opposed I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has has has has has a uh okay like like degree from Boston College, College, College, College, College, and won a full scholarship uh you know well so to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave I I I I I mean uh so well chamber full of water at at at at at less than atmospheric pressure which well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay is formed when the water level drops and and and and and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February like like so so so so so I mean 26, 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a a a a a um like okay like white Boston attorney who who who who who later went on to become president of you know know know know know I mean well okay the American Bar Association (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs um um um um um okay um uh to find a man, but Joyce insists that she she she she she I mean I mean uh well doesn't need one; however however however however however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley like uh okay so so so so so that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, years, years, years, years, I mean you know uh um silver was discovered in in in in in the local mountains in 1772 and so so well so so so so so a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, I I I I I mean you know okay okay Chile) is a Chilean football football football football football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist consist consist consist consist of so I mean you know so straight sections across the the the the the hill, followed by sharp I mean well you know you you you you you know turns to the complementary angle, as if if if if if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor okay okay okay okay okay so uh um with no father (daddy) around her and so her her her her her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is is is is is part of Canberra so um um well Nature Park Park Park Park Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is irredentism is is is is is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming assuming assuming assuming assuming you know um so you know sovereignty over Hong Kong Kong Kong Kong Kong and Macau, as the physical land on I mean mean mean mean mean you know um so which Hong Kong and Macau Macau Macau Macau Macau stand used to be I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and and and and and was like like well well reported to be in fair fair fair fair fair health in 2008, at which so like like well point point point point point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on on on on on September well well well so 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January on January on January on January on January January January January January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase uh uh uh uh uh like um so FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Opera well um um uh received an order to to to to to sew a number of Russian military um like I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uniforms that later were used in an exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange you know so you know like of gunfire at Puumala, a a a a a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in I mean mean mean mean mean like so like both credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know of being in the the the the the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan Mehmed Mehmed Mehmed Mehmed Mehmed the uh like like uh Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, 1471, 1471, 1471, 1471, on the site of the former you know you you you you you know well you know Byzantine Church of the the the the the Holy Apostles, whose ruins served okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the when the when the when the when the Veil Veil Veil Veil Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is like okay okay okay okay okay uh like afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and and and and and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July in July in July in July in July 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, you know know know know know you know uh okay the Israelites again again again again again turned away from God after 40 years well well well well well so like I mean of peace brought by Deborah's Deborah's Deborah's Deborah's Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen to to to to to you know so so um kidnap Beethoven for the million million million million million - dollar ransom, which they well uh okay I I I I I mean do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's character um uh you know well and 'hitting below the the the the the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours but but but but but I mean like uh so the resolution could could could could could go up to 1024 × 1024 with you know know know know know so you know so 128 colors (7 bit bit bit bit bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency constituency constituency constituency constituency uh so okay I mean and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during during during during during so uh like like the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer writer writer writer writer okay you know like so Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling pay okay um well uh - per - - - - - view (PPV) event produced by Extreme okay so uh uh uh uh uh so Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1998 uh so like like from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore the ore the ore the ore the the the the the ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in in in in in 2005 okay so so so and the the the the the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) like like like like like you know like um of the United United United United United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that that that that that okay like I mean uh become ensnared in in in in in its web, killing them with its okay um you know know know know know okay venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent I I I I I mean um uh um may clip the referee referee referee referee referee -- while a wrestler would probably only uh okay okay okay okay okay so uh be knocked back in this this this this this situation, the referee so okay well well would most likely likely likely likely likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses uses uses uses uses so like well like as a blunt instrument, with with with with with it, she's able okay uh you know like to to to to to send strong seismic waves by smashing her you know know know know know like uh um guitar onto the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity and and and and and you know I mean uh I mean patriotic values, values, values, values, values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian uh um uh uh international cricketer who plays for Baroda Baroda Baroda Baroda Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol Nicol Nicol Nicol Nicol so well uh you know and Fulton Mackay, is is is is is based on the autobiography of um so so so so so um you know Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, so I mean uh like meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once um well well well well well um I mean more against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is is is is is an well um so like Algerian football player who who who who who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of like like like like like I mean okay okay Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in uh uh uh uh uh so I mean well Pandi was attacked by a a a a a massive force you know so okay so of Spaniards Spaniards Spaniards Spaniards Spaniards that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end end end end end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via well well well well well so well so Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped helped helped helped helped um um um uh define the field of American paleontology; paleontology; paleontology; paleontology; paleontology; he was a prodigious okay I mean I I I I I mean so writer, with 1, 400 papers published over over over over over his lifetime, although uh you know I mean I I I I I mean his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which which which which which you know I mean you know so meant that that that that that Rihanna would reveal the title of well uh well well well well well I mean the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were they were they were they were they were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its its its its its I mean so uh I mean conclusion and and and and and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano like I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh de Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or or or or or okay um I mean so Ninja Turtles) are are are are are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic like like I mean mean mean mean mean okay turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were were were were were trained um like okay like by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices offices offices offices offices um well so uh and the tallest commercial building building building building building in the Town of okay I mean uh um Newburgh, now now now now now stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick well um well well well well well like to a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, Rodríguez, Rodríguez, Rodríguez, Rodríguez, it currently um you know you know okay belongs to his his his his his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay records, court litigations and and and and and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and and and and and Serpentor like uh um so and took them to their their their their their hidden headquarters to try you know well uh you you you you you know Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor Serpentor Serpentor Serpentor Serpentor in his well um well okay place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to to to to to so okay uh like sign an American player when when when when when they signed former like so okay uh major league league league league league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron you know um um um um um okay okay Bottler, who had played in 1958 for for for for for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV XXXIV XXXIV XXXIV XXXIV you know I mean okay well in which Evans started, however however however however however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked worked worked worked worked you know so um you know as a a a a a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals for um like like like like like you know uh Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third - - - - - so um you know like tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning (meaning (meaning (meaning (meaning it can be reached by land) structure well I I I I I mean you know like in the world, but there there there there there are nomonolithic rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study study study study study symphonic okay like uh I mean orchestration with celebrated composer composer composer composer composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean known, they are regularly seen around the the the the the islands as well as I mean you know like like like like like like in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range okay okay okay okay okay well um well naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, velocity, velocity, velocity, velocity, and is said well like um I mean to have have have have have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759 so so so so so um so okay and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok ong Seok ong Seok ong Seok ong Seok Seok Seok Seok Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, the the the the the Manjung okay uh uh okay community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between you know know know know know well I mean like a number of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March in March in March in March March March March March in March 2011, when asked if he was was was was was the um you know okay uh rightful heir, Idris Idris Idris Idris Idris said a family council would decide who would I I I I I mean like uh I mean be king, not an heir, heir, heir, heir, heir, and that his father had um I mean I mean well well well well well passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with I mean mean mean mean mean you know okay uh its sister station, talk - formatted formatted formatted formatted formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based based based based based like I mean you know well in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles roles roles roles roles so um like uh for the stage, including Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet in Romeo and Juliet okay um well you know she she she she she shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, okay so so so so so okay okay Season 5 on September 23, 2014 and the the the the the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with with with with with a 1: 19 um I mean um um um um um um. 495 and took his sixth pole position of of of of of the season so well like so with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian with Bohemian with Bohemian with Bohemian with Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know so Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several several several several several times during the you know I mean like you know know know know know Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars wars wars wars wars of King I mean well like well Frederick II of of of of of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' 'EIFS' 'EIFS' 'EIFS' 'EIFS' ( like uh you know I mean pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it like okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay has mixed elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, Surigaonon, Surigaonon, Surigaonon, Surigaonon, and is not I mean I mean like like like like like um mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the the the the the rest of North like so so well America America America America America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led led led led led by Wat so well okay like Tyler, Kentish rebels entered entered entered entered entered London on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost lost lost lost lost the DFL endorsement like so I mean you you you you you know to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United United United United United States you know you know so like in April 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal is koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south south south south south India and like well um well is one one one one one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California California California California California Excellence in Business okay like okay um um um um um Award in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno I I I I I mean uh well well Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op op op op op so so well okay Zoom or Breda but at the the the the the same time he had worked I mean um I mean I I I I I mean up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to so so so so so you know like so which she agrees also, and he he he he he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in uh uh uh uh uh well um uh Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish okay you know you know like and Norwegian descent, he he he he he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County County County County County from okay I mean so um 1880 to 1927 was was was was was called the Nevada you know like so so - California California California California California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated like I I I I I mean you know okay as a volunteer in the Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil War of 1918 in uh so I mean um um um um um Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she she she she she you know like um so is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that uh uh uh uh uh you know so I mean is surrounded by Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics supervillains: like like like like like well well like alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and and and and and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of of of of of hemoglobin, uh like um you know the red red red red red pigment in blood, but are also found in in in in in a okay uh so so number of other biologically biologically biologically biologically biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part part part part part I mean you know well you know of of of of of a collection of dances in a piece entitled 'Food so I I I I I mean so like for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece Masterpiece Masterpiece Masterpiece Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines Moines Moines Moines Moines so well okay like and the elder brother of travel travel travel travel travel writer Bill Bryson he well uh uh um co-published co-published co-published co-published co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted he batted he batted he batted he batted and and and and and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi born & um you know you know so bought up in in in in in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian like you know you know I mean Writer, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell so uh uh uh uh uh you know so the premises at Great Patrick Street, Street, Street, Street, Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil well uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Nadu Assembly until the new Secretariat building was opened you you you you you know uh well um in 2010, but shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly afterwards it was again moved um I mean well well well well well you know back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a well well well well well I mean okay I mean Canadian professional ice hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey forward who is currently so okay I mean um playing for for for for for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very smart smart smart smart smart like I mean well so and a versatile player, player, player, player, player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious serious serious serious serious case um um uh I mean of alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything stronger than milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, he you know well well okay began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member as member as member as member as as as as as member of the board of Amnesty International International International International International USA uh okay um okay at the end of of of of of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed so you know uh uh uh uh uh like that Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely closely closely closely closely uh you know you know you know related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established initially established initially established initially established established established established established initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate estate estate estate estate I mean um okay uh arm, its current current current current current portfolio of projects include mixed so uh so well - - - - - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment okay well okay like than any other intervention in America, however, however, however, however, however, it should be noted um well like well well well well well that often Drug courts are the only avenue avenue avenue avenue avenue for so I mean so I mean entry entry entry entry entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of of of of of uh uh you know so Trondheim as the the the the the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled foiled foiled foiled foiled his uh um you know well plan, plan, plan, plan, plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the the the the the so okay um like KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Christopher Christopher Christopher Christopher Wood, Amasova I mean you know well um is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike Holmes mike mike mike mike mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian professional contractor contractor contractor contractor contractor uh um like well best known for his television television television television television show 'Holmes on Homes', I mean like uh well where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned earned earned earned earned well you know so well B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of I mean mean mean mean mean okay like so Hearts, the women's provincial provincial provincial provincial provincial curling championship for the well uh well uh Northwest Territories Territories Territories Territories Territories and Yukon, will be held from well okay um um um um um like January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his in his in his in his in in in in in his letters he continually launched into recrimination okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so and abuse against his chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; he went still further, I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay bespattering with mud the whole French army, and even even even even even France uh um I mean well herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning morning morning morning morning train one like uh like um day from from from from from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into well well well well well I mean you know okay conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary uh uh uh uh uh like so okay and secondary, bisected by the entrance road and and and and and connected okay I mean so like via an underpass underpass underpass underpass underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than than than than than in other well so you know okay 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, subspecies, subspecies, subspecies, subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the the the the the well I mean you know so hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used used used used used to um um you know well identify a a a a a younger male or female that an older individual was was was was was um so I mean you know interested in talking to, to, to, to, to, dating, or a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either either either either either the English so so uh okay word 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word 'trinità' and you you you you you know so uh um expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David David David David David well well like um H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is she is she is she is she is is is is is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, even though though though though though okay um you know you know she is never seen seen seen seen seen using it, and was removed in the um um um um um um well okay PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high you know know know know know okay like you know school, and soon after booked booked booked booked booked her first two jobs so okay okay like like like like like in one day, a cameo in the Academy so well well well well well uh so Award winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 1946 1946 1946 1946 uh you know um um in Holstein and sent sent sent sent sent to Camp 165 in Watten, I mean um well you know Scotland Scotland Scotland Scotland Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when he okay like like like like like I mean I mean was sent to a P. O. W. Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp in you know like um um Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association in association in association in association in in in in in association with a Mr. Riley established uh like um um um um um okay a sheep station in the Monaro, New New New New New South Wales district, well okay um I mean was was was was was a successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and smith and smith and smith and smith and the the the the the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique Heaggan um okay okay okay okay okay um you know - Brown, were both African American, and and and and and video from well I mean so so the officer's officer's officer's officer's officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned uh like well well well well well you know toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like like like like like 'Narrative I mean I mean you know like of of of of of Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from from from from from the um uh I mean so British public public public public public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes emphasizes emphasizes emphasizes emphasizes the okay I mean so you know venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking walking walking walking walking I mean you know okay um to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates she congratulates she congratulates she congratulates she congratulates congratulates congratulates congratulates congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him and so I I I I I mean uh you know he confronts her about the engagement telling telling telling telling telling her that uh I mean like okay she should not have have have have have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and and and and and a pro-British prime uh okay um you know minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, um um um um um well so I mean in 1958, monarch monarch monarch monarch monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official the official the official the official the official official official official official video premiered on her official website on 23 23 23 23 23 okay so I mean you know November and then went went went went went to all UK music channels, you know well well well well well um uh the video is black and white and sees sees sees sees sees Ferguson okay so uh uh singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay Berwyn, Illinois, the events were were were were were held in the Berwyn Eagles um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the like like like like like uh so like basis of an interesting experiment in football, football, football, football, football, called 'Morisca' uh I mean I mean you know know know know know (The Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive I mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well okay you know know know know know like uh as the evacuation of 4000 people from a a a a a um well okay like zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 by 1933 by 1933 by 1933 by by by by by 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn Station Station Station Station Station like okay well you know had been electrified and the the the the the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold sold sold sold sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert um I mean so like Darrell, Darrell, Darrell, Darrell, Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, okay um um um um um um so which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto julio Alberto julio Alberto julio Alberto julio julio julio julio julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a a a a a Spanish you know uh uh you know footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer officer officer officer officer you know I mean um uh of HMS 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from well like you know um 1914, as as as as as Second - in - Command of the you know know know know know um I mean well 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis you you you you you know um I mean well County, Minnesota, United United United United United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and his his his his his book okay well like well 'How to Talk Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty and Influence People', but it you know uh uh uh uh uh um I mean was also characterized as nothing more more more more more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Press Press Press Press Broadcasting so I mean okay uh executives said they expected expected expected expected expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel 48), uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay a Philadelphia - centered station, and that that that that that all of the now former you know I mean like I mean WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook well well well well well uh well um vegetables using the water inside the vegetables vegetables vegetables vegetables vegetables without any well um um uh additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones ones ones ones ones were um like like I mean established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead lead lead lead lead you know um I mean um - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and and and and and named by uh well like so European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in like so so so so so so um Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi and includes a a a a a teaching hospital, you know um you know I mean a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the the the the the um you know okay uh volume of water reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching a particular outfall, or location I mean like uh like like like like like in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the the the the the okay so um I mean design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season in season in season in season in in in in in season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to uh so so so so so um um work for her on missions other A. R R R R R. G. U uh um you know well. S. Agents are are are are are unwilling to perform and tries to have um um you know know know know know I mean Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack attack attack attack attack to contain the I mean like so like Mirakuru Mirakuru Mirakuru Mirakuru Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham well well well well well so uh well riot, on September 7 and 8, in response response response response response to anti-Asian activists like you know well so becoming concerned concerned concerned concerned concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo christophe Tiozzo christophe Tiozzo christophe Tiozzo Tiozzo Tiozzo Tiozzo Tiozzo christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) France) France) France) France) so so like um is a French former boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh research team to conduct a detailed case case case case case study on you know I mean you know so her, her, her, her, her, and in May 1971 headed a team of Children's you you you you you know uh so I mean Hospital scientists who sought sought sought sought sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied occupied occupied occupied occupied defensive positions well so okay I mean in North North North North North Sydney including beach defences uh okay okay like to respond to to to to to possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay and Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of of of of of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports airports airports airports airports I mean um well um in the country and and and and and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is it it it it it is it is it is it is I mean you know know know know know you know like famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band band band band band Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an as an as an as an as as as as as an international he played five times for Ireland uh uh uh uh uh so um like before it emerged that he was actually actually actually actually actually English so uh I mean okay and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born born born born born you know you know so uh Irving Irving Irving Irving Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he he he he he became I mean you know well so the subject subject subject subject subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced surfaced surfaced surfaced surfaced like like so okay of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having having having having having a lewd conversation; so okay uh well due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he wishes wishes wishes wishes wishes to like well like like marry the princess, but she she she she she laughs and tells him well I mean okay you you you you you know that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner instead borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner borgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more like like like like like uh well um off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin you you you you you know you know you know uh finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was okay okay okay okay okay well so okay the First Vice President of of of of of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took like well you you you you you know so the majority of the town late Monday evening evening evening evening evening after an okay like well uh earlier battle between Government Government Government Government Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a uh uh uh uh uh like uh um year in the India and lived in in in in in a Buddhistic so uh like uh monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works several works several works several works several works works works works works have investigated the CISS effect from a I mean uh uh uh uh uh so uh theoretical perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return return return return return you know uh so uh of studio - driven pictures, pictures, pictures, pictures, pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien pod; while while while while while I mean well you know like examining the ship ship ship ship ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all all all all all so I mean um so products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked malone worked malone worked malone worked malone worked worked worked worked worked with EPR Architects on a project uh uh so well well well well well at 24 Saville Row which gained a first first first first first place I mean you know okay well WAN Facade Award Award Award Award Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve white you know so um you know pullover sweat shirt, shirt, shirt, shirt, shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' in uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so green letters, printed on the the the the the bottom front of collar, okay like like like like like like like wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to to to to to be linked like uh I mean um to the Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, you know know know know know um you know you know which was also also also also also used by other Residents and Governors, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so and so it became known as Government Hill until it it it it it was so you know okay you know renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is is is is is okay like well you know a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) well okay um uh was a Fijian chief and statesman, statesman, statesman, statesman, statesman, who played a you know so you know so so so so so major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a a a a a bearded so so like well man in a black black black black black suit jacket with white lining, uh okay so so so so so so who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, cask, cask, cask, cask, and Shippeitaro killed I mean um well okay it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is like like like like like uh like um thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it well well well well well um like okay failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately 1. 01 I mean well uh like males to 1 1 1 1 1 female -- the greater number of well okay okay okay okay okay well um men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made made made made made 3/2 favourite after I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with um uh uh uh uh uh uh like a fever and won by two lengths from from from from from Star you know um um um Standard, giving giving giving giving giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example an example an example an example an an an an an example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie well well well well well well uh you know Guerrero during his last heel run and and and and and feud with okay like um you know Rey Rey Rey Rey Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league well well well well well okay uh you know footballer who played in the 1910s, 1910s, 1910s, 1910s, 1910s, and 1920s playing at you know um I mean mean mean mean mean well representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father Father Father Father Father of Hollywood, you know well well well built the first first first first first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association Association Association Association Association (LAAFTA) was founded I mean uh well you know in in in in in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting place place place place place so you know like like for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the the the the the um so like well rights and privileges granted granted granted granted granted to Russia by China well um like I I I I I mean in the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as um um um um um like like so enlarged by the Kwantung Lease Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement of 1898; which okay okay okay you know included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so Colins Broadcasting Corporation, while KTVG was owned by by by by by Hill Broadcasting um okay I mean um Company, both were were were were were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of you know know know know know uh um you know his nephew's wife, mother, and two two two two two sisters - in well you know well I I I I I mean - law to gain control of their oil oil oil oil oil like uh like so rights, and then had killed eight eight eight eight eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other I mean mean mean mean mean well um uh matters beyond the group's control, these two two two two two releases like like I mean so failed to get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation circulation circulation circulation circulation was just uh well uh um short of 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this at this at this at this at at at at at this time, the town consisted of only one whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey so okay um so and drug store, and the population population population population population consisted mostly of railroad okay so okay okay workers, but this this this this this store was later joined by a you know you know know know know know so well general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the chest; chest; chest; chest; chest; okay well I mean I mean they then strangled Sharer with with with with with a rope until she uh okay like uh was was was was was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, uh so like so and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel I I I I I mean uh so well Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson the Hudson the Hudson the Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson the Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin basin basin basin basin located um so like well in the VT 0th Congressional District, District, District, District, District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, uh uh uh uh uh like like I mean which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after the theft; theft; theft; theft; theft; the so um um I mean second theft occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas um um um um um um uh you know Sports Hall of Fame in in in in in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran um um um um um well you know I mean artist George Tuska as as as as as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made he made he made he made made made made made he made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 so so so so so you know so like - 2 draw away at at at at at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 okay so okay you know September 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska so so so so so so uh well FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues brian continues brian continues brian continues continues continues continues continues brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to to to to to return the I mean uh uh okay ring, but is is is is is dismayed when he finds out that Chris like you you you you you know uh I mean ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 I mean I mean like um film about a dysfunctional dysfunctional dysfunctional dysfunctional dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe and um I mean mean mean mean mean uh so Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in um um um um um well I mean like the school year of 1994 in in in in in whom he organized / uh like uh okay introduced Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular um um um um um you know um you know P. E. Subject to to to to to all pupils and presently he is so so okay okay okay okay okay I mean the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson keelson keelson keelson keelson well you know okay you know is actually a 7 7 7 7 7. 5m long 5m long 5m long 5m long 5m long long long long long mast - step timber so um I mean I I I I I mean made of oak which doubles the axial I I I I I mean I mean like you know frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and and and and and by well I mean you know well 1810 he he he he he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing the opposing the opposing the opposing the opposing goaltender goaltender goaltender goaltender goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy was you you you you you know so um well a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were like like like like like well okay I mean included in the release; these are are are are are short - form pop I mean like uh um songs featuring lead lead lead lead lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility um um um um um like so uh that is a member institution of the the the the the Sydney College of you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and and and and and postgraduate qualifications like um uh you know and prepares students who who who who who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in well so so so so so um okay their apartment, and becomes a slave slave slave slave slave of her own paranoid you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan Tongan Tongan Tongan Tongan society; like you know so like the president oversees oversees oversees oversees oversees this and the would be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick so well well well well well you know I mean for all the character's bodily bodily bodily bodily bodily movements; minor movements to um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean the stick controlled the upper body movements, while bigger uh uh uh uh uh well so like movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know - improved performance, but theoretical calculations calculations calculations calculations calculations showed that the uh I mean okay um maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum amount of energy they could produce would be about about about about about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver james Oliver james Oliver james Oliver james james james james james Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an okay uh you you you you you know like English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side side side side side Huddersfield like so like uh Town as a striker striker striker striker striker and has represented England at like well you know know know know know okay U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight flight flight flight flight um like okay like operated by Southeast Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on okay you know um um um um um you know 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence uh you know know know know know um you know would frighten the peasants but quite quite quite quite quite the opposite was true - um okay um so so so so so over the next year they secretly prepared for war, war, war, war, war, recruiting well uh well so one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long like uh uh uh uh uh um um - range rockets were destroyed in in in in in airstrikes that lasted 34 like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the southernmost the the the the the southernmost village in the Golan, it is uh so so so so so okay so located from the Sea of Galilee at at at at at a height of you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company the company the company the company the the the the the company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical like you you you you you know uh you know Laboratory from 1946 until 1972 when Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell University reorganized well I mean um uh the lab lab lab lab lab as the for - profit Calspan Corporation like like I mean mean mean mean mean so and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled exiled exiled exiled exiled I mean I mean well so by the White Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs in 1299, but he and the well well you know know know know know I mean Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles of Valois in like you know um um um um um well November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in in in in in um I mean okay okay the Pennsylvania state troops troops troops troops troops and marched with Benedict Arnold on Quebec; well I I I I I mean so uh taken prisoner during the ill - fated fated fated fated fated attempt to storm uh um like I mean the the the the the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- -- -- -- -- I mean um um uh 1829, daughter of of of of of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), you know well okay um and and and and and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) so I I I I I mean well so was the grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded founded founded founded founded uh well well uh in 1963 in North London, best known known known known known for their um well uh well chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe okay um um um um um you know well - these dates included opening for The The The The The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into into into into into uh I mean well you know the CS2000 & CS3000 CS3000 CS3000 CS3000 CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus well so um I mean to warn them them them them them to no avail, after Beavis moons the I mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with with with with with the you know you know so well Contra Costa Costa Costa Costa Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term term term term term in 1881 you know well um like and in in in in in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed a a a a a like like you know okay new constitution disfranchising most black black black black black voters, a situation that I mean okay you know well persisted persisted persisted persisted persisted into the 1960s until after federal enforcement okay well uh uh of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because because because because because like so um uh of his desire to unite all all all all all all Slavs in so uh okay I mean one Catholic Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know until his death, death, death, death, death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV ITV ITV ITV ITV well like I mean you know comedy drama 'The Flint Flint Flint Flint Flint Street Nativity' which uh you know I mean well well well well well also starred Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat so okay okay okay okay okay you know so conference voted to condemn the UCU's UCU's UCU's UCU's UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called like I mean I mean you you you you you know for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue continue continue continue continue like like so so to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy the Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh Meranie,) was created during the German Empire time time time time time uh so well so. It is also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by you you you you you know I mean uh you know DJing and was featured featured featured featured featured as a cover story in uh um uh uh uh uh uh um 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of of of of of Panama well well I mean well that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 by 15 by 15 by 15 by 15 15 15 15 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % of of of of of the like okay I mean I mean oil had been been been been been contained and that the slick uh I mean like like like like like like had been removed from about 95 % of of of of of Bribie Island, 85 so you know um so % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by surrounded by surrounded by surrounded by surrounded by mountains, mountains, mountains, mountains, mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which sees well well well well well I mean uh um annual long monsoon rains. Weather is is is is is weather is weather is weather is weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are um um um um um uh like okay called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw saw saw saw saw um you know so uh very limited distribution (only 13 13 13 13 13 copies), and from 2004 to like uh like like 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent you know know know know know uh well okay with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean Mussolini, who announced that that that that that his objective was the capture of okay um well well well well well I mean the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', okay so you know know know know know so but withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use like like like like like um so uh of this method including differences in in in in in observations when using single like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was she was she was she was she was soon soon soon soon soon recruited by the casting director of the FOX like okay I I I I I mean so series 'The O. C.' She had a a a a a six - episode recurring um okay well uh role as as as as as Holly Fischer in the first season of 'The um I I I I I mean um you know O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant (ISIL) and um so you know okay other extremists tend tend tend tend tend to view the peacock angel as the malevolent uh so so so so so so so archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh restricted retirement community located mainly in Sumter Sumter Sumter Sumter Sumter County, Florida, like you know you know I mean United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell Howell Howell Howell Howell like okay um so (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and other like like like like like you know uh okay multi-developer projects to handle various versions versions versions versions versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- well well well well well you know like so December 27, 1995) was a Major Major Major Major Major League Baseball pitcher um um you know you know for for for for for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to uh um um um um um well uh 315, 000 signatures for the admission to to to to to the elections, in each okay I mean like uh subject subject subject subject subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was o'Cearuill was was was was was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad for I I I I I mean well uh well the first time in May May May May May 2007 for an end of season like uh so so so so so I mean tour to the United States and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - - - - - Turkistani was like well you know so among the the the the the local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled fled fled fled fled to um I mean you know um Pakistan, where where where where where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean of various types and models models models models models for fixed okay well well um - route service, service, service, service, service, and over 2, 000 vans and cabs for okay well well well well well well well ADA paratransit service, providing service in New New New New New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during during during during during World um like uh like War II under the Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was uh okay okay you know completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' and well like I mean you know was was was was was released just before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 um um um um um well like like on limited 7' vinyl and and and and and download from iTunes UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail the fantail the fantail the fantail fantail fantail fantail fantail the fantail is a popular breed of fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy pigeon characterised by well like um um a tail tail tail tail tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, you know um um um um um um so abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in like okay okay okay okay okay like um Alexandria the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and and and and and okay so I mean like Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the Mongols invaded invaded invaded invaded invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 like uh you know well well well well well but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three you know you know know know know know well so years in scoring with 13. 5 points per um um um um um well um I mean game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and well well well well well like well um green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness fondness fondness fondness fondness for Jessie, sometimes well okay like I mean she could could could could could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building uh okay okay okay okay okay so well in downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court Court Court Court Court of Appeal, well well uh you know the the the the the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it in it in it in it in in in in in it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of of of of of um so um you know Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, Worth, Worth, Worth, Worth, which turned out to well well well okay be not not not not not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the the the the the porch okay you know um well of the present church, church, church, church, church, and the church is famous for I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim some claim some claim some claim claim claim claim claim some claim that Magburaka should be included in the the the the the above list, okay like uh I mean but one source source source source source estimates the population at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture and you know uh um um fishing, with with with with with wheat and barley widely grown; however, this requires okay well well well well well you know you know huge inputs in fertilisers because because because because because of the sandy you know well uh um nature of of of of of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space - - - - - based um well uh okay experiment to test the the the the the theory of general relativity, performed jointly by well like well well well well well so the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes changes changes changes changes was I mean you know so uh headlined in in in in in newspapers across the United States, as for so uh uh uh uh uh well uh example on page 1 of the the the the the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of okay like uh I I I I I mean Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released so so so so so um so uh following the song's success, which was was was was was also quite successful as I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay uh was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play play play play play so you know well um home games at the Gordon Field Field Field Field Field House on well like uh okay the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and and and and and held off well well like like from eating of the the the the the boy's body and brought like uh so so Pelops back back back back back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they they they they they could have so like so well lead if they got got got got got married, however the realism influence I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of of of of of okay you know um you know playing incognito solo solo solo solo solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, um so like okay 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began kain began kain began kain began kain began training training training training training in 1962 at the age uh I mean um um um um um well of eleven at the National Ballet School School School School School of Canada, for I mean I mean well well seven years years years years years and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the the the the the box uh um okay I mean in their late grandfather's attic and and and and and brought it uh um you know I mean to the attention attention attention attention attention of a local reporter, whose TV okay like I I I I I mean uh news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby okay okay like okay town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is is is is is a uh you know so well traditional Wiccan teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make they make they make they make they they they they they make content involved with the film industry this includes: includes: includes: includes: includes: reviews uh um um um of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely likely likely likely likely to uh so I mean uh suffer from abuse and and and and and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, like like like like like so um okay however, his talent led to rapid promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, like like like like like uh um I mean representing the seat of Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome in the South Australian well okay uh so House House House House House of Assembly as an Independent, after a um I I I I I mean okay like shock win at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an an an an an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree they agree they agree they agree they they they they they agree to get rid of the unborn spirit so so so so so uh um like within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds succeeds succeeds succeeds succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a I I I I I mean well um um county located in the the the the the Central Valley of the U. S well you know know know know know uh so. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus hiatus hiatus hiatus hiatus like so you know uh of 'Bear in the Big Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue House', and a you know you know well you you you you you know planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO (United) iMRO iMRO iMRO iMRO iMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the well like like like like like I mean uh leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Satev, Satev, Satev, Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the the the the the well you know you know uh Chorus Paulinus recorded in in in in in the United States compposed you know you know know know know know okay like of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - like uh uh uh uh uh well um gee' ) was a program devised by by by by by the CIA in early I mean I mean well I I I I I mean 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - I I I I I mean uh well well June 24, 1973) was a renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned makeup artist uh I mean well so in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his however, his however, his however, his his his his his however, his practice did not prosper, and he moved you know know know know know well you know so several more times before before before before before finally being arrested in like so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean Philadelphia by a creator. Philadelphia for a few more more more more more years, okay uh um so teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term eight term eight term eight term eight eight eight eight eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against I I I I I mean like you know okay Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 uh I I I I I mean uh well issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple the couple the couple the couple the the the the the couple only used parts of the ground floor and uh I I I I I mean so uh sadly the rest of the house house house house house became little more than a I mean well like like like like like uh ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley (the (the (the (the (the so okay okay so present owner) bought Plas Teg Teg Teg Teg Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal well well well well well I mean like well area around 1685 were in in in in in part a reunification of the old I mean like like like like like like like La Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large large large large large population of uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until until until until until so um okay like June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 you you you you you know I mean I mean so storage caches caches caches caches caches struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions I I I I I mean so like like of munitions and POL POL POL POL POL. Vang Pao now regained the confidence um so so so so so so I mean in air power that had been shaken shaken shaken shaken shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old old old old old uh like uh well Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at at at at at uh uh okay you know Seton Hall University, South South South South South Orange, N. J. Where he um like I I I I I mean so teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he was one of the founders um okay uh like of Taki Taki Taki Taki Taki Rua Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington like I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know which presented bi-cultural works works works works works and saw the emergence you know okay uh um um um um um of award winning Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, uh you you you you you know you know I mean when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses um so so so so so so um the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance chance chance chance chance to so okay well okay crush Shun (literally), Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu steps in to stop the fight, like um um um um um um you know the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired retired retired retired retired uh you know um you know ice hockey player who who who who who played in the National like like okay so so so so so Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made you you you you you know you know you know I mean a huge huge huge huge huge financial investment in an effort to win another another another another another uh uh well okay European Cup, reaching two European European European European European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, like like like like like I mean well um and she performed her first scenes admirably, admirably, admirably, admirably, admirably, Then, much to well uh okay uh her surprise, her her her her her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in so you know know know know know well I mean the audience, and Sarah suffered the the the the the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late late late late late well you know okay um to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age well well well well well well uh um of 21 in the early 1990s, where where where where where he I mean like um like did his formal training training training training training at the Rubin Academy of uh so so like like like like like Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his his his his his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves I mean you know uh so managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the um um um um um well like I mean group prepares to spend the night; night; night; night; night; however, they like so I mean you know quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands Highlands Highlands Highlands Highlands section of Portland; I mean so like okay master master master master master control operations for both KPTV and KPDX uh like you you you you you know like are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from I I I I I mean like you know well the inside to the the the the the outside of the body, the okay okay so so so so so um back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality okay okay okay okay okay okay um so 'Tunceli', Turkey ) believe him as a savior; savior; savior; savior; savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) (LSB) (LSB) (LSB) (LSB) disk okay so well well galaxy and one of the the the the the largest spiral galaxies currently so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay known, at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six so so so so so okay well uh and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented represented represented represented represented the you know okay okay okay diamond industry industry industry industry industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and became a a a a a uh um well okay member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA the 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for the um um um um um um uh you know Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 MLS Cup, when then I mean well um you you you you you know - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged a group of of of of of Galaxy like I mean I mean so fans to form a a a a a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air air air air air um you know like okay into the water; the the the the the air is compressed by surrounding water pressure like so so so so so um you know (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military military military military military um um okay well said that the conclusion conclusion conclusion conclusion conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, and well well I I I I I mean I mean those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular okay okay okay okay okay well uh so brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime crime crime crime crime series 'Webbed', UTV okay uh like you know Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story because her her her her her okay I mean well so grandmother is dying and she she she she she feels like she is okay well so you you you you you know killing her because the fairy godmother finally finally finally finally finally found a replacement well like uh uh and now the the the the the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, 216 216 216 216 216 in 2010; you know okay okay um 85 85 85 85 85. 3 % of the total population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was was was was was now the dominant you know so okay um um um um um cultural force; a number of its members were were were were were influenced by you know well um uh political political political political political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of you you you you you know you know okay you know Pulitzer Prize Prize Prize Prize Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and um um um um um well well like services were crowded out and became became became became became non-competitive on world you know okay you know uh markets, markets, markets, markets, markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of of of of of St like well you know uh Bartholomew this is is is is is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from from from from from Louisville, like okay okay um Kentucky, where the the the the the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who who who who who like um uh um attended St. Xavier High School, School, School, School, School, and Maggie Lawson, who okay okay you know like went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Carol J. Carol J. Carol J. Carol Carol Carol Carol Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a I I I I I mean well like um candidate to become mayor of of of of of Memphis, Tennessee and is like well um I mean mean mean mean mean currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall Wall Wall Wall Wall so I mean so I mean increased and this this this this this particular escape route became less and um um um um um so like well less important, other means of leaving the GDR GDR GDR GDR GDR were I mean like well like used more often, for for for for for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint the saint the saint the saint the saint patron patron patron patron patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which okay well well well well well okay um was celebrated on the first Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday of October okay uh well um for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where where where where where like uh I mean um captain Morée requested the ship ship ship ship ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers well well well well well like okay so and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been like like like like like okay so like used as the logo for the the the the the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) Edition) Edition) Edition) Edition) requires um well uh you know Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Standard Standard Standard Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning um um um um um so well you know into the next next next next next track, a Phil Collins cover from his like okay well um um um um um 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core core core core core design, well I mean like I mean the nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, okay okay okay okay okay uh so so and is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / / / / / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary although evolutionary although evolutionary although evolutionary although although although although although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the okay um um um um um um well popularity of zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and so okay okay okay okay okay well you know later reached a career high of world world world world world no. Nine um I mean I mean okay of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon capture that that that that that well so like you know removes carbon dioxide from from from from from ambient air, as opposed to removing CO okay so so so so so so okay 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs ARMs ARMs ARMs ARMs option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered with with with with with I mean like um like a very low initial interest interest interest interest interest rate ( a so like um you know know know know know uh - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum so so so so so like um well payment, which permits borrowers to qualify qualify qualify qualify qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo Shuo Shuo Shuo Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy okay you know like well was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 2017 with you know I mean like like a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy kraina Mriy kraina Mriy kraina Mriy kraina Mriy Mriy Mriy Mriy Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars and well uh I mean I mean teachers: laws laws laws laws laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando um um um um um um um like II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of of of of of both like uh like you know Traditional and Inline designs, designs, designs, designs, designs, and sell a great number uh okay okay okay okay okay uh you know of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 as um well um like the chestnut filly overcame adversity adversity adversity adversity adversity to win the uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh well Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes Stakes Stakes Stakes Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after after after after after the you know I mean okay uh caudal vertebrae vertebrae vertebrae vertebrae vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for for for for for uh um well I mean defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed formed formed formed formed from like well well okay cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, Legion, Legion, Legion, Legion, and it consisted okay you know okay so of only only only only only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 um um um um um you know um um December 2006) was an English English English English English children's author born um like uh um in 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in in in in in okay okay uh well the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Leiden' (Leiden I mean okay uh you know Academic Academic Academic Academic Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University in I I I I I mean uh I mean like the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries well well well well well well well well of history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city of San San San San San Diego, um so well like California, on the Fort Rosecrans Rosecrans Rosecrans Rosecrans Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in 1987 as as as as as okay um you know so the southern terminus of the the the the the DLR's initial system, and was okay um you you you you you know you know an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men so well well well well well so uh by June 1861, and the French French French French French had began to report well I mean uh okay that junks junks junks junks junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had you know like like like like like well uh arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned returned returned returned returned to okay uh uh so live performing in Spring 2017 with original original original original original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a new new new new new um well um um enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for for for for for Xbox well I mean I mean I mean 360 and and and and and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of of of of of like like so so collapse as a result of the war, war, war, war, war, is undermanned and struggles I mean uh well you know know know know know to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering well well well well well well well so systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', Chronicle', Chronicle', Chronicle', Chronicle', well okay I mean well and from 1954 presented a a a a a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's considering Johnny's considering Johnny's considering Johnny's considering considering considering considering considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not well well well well well uh you know uh to reveal their location to Johnny, believing believing believing believing believing that the uh I mean I mean okay robot robot robot robot robot would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their their their their their location, uh okay well like the robot leaves the the the the the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of of of of of well um you know like the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, in 1859, in 1859, in 1859, in 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick like okay okay okay okay okay so like W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U U U U U. S. Government, like um like well and returned to a a a a a studio he had taken at like so like well the Tenth Tenth Tenth Tenth Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result lTS result in in in in in the neuron reaching the threshold for an uh I mean mean mean mean mean well like action potential, and so the the the the the spike is typically crowned well like you know well by a a a a a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes includes includes includes includes okay uh like uh the construction of four new stations stations stations stations stations in Boston, while work uh um okay uh on on on on on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf comes olaf olaf olaf olaf olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in like like like like like okay okay well love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 1969) you know so okay okay was born sometime in 1896 1896 1896 1896 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small okay like so well village in the the the the the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he is well known for his unequivocal position to fight fight fight fight fight homosexuality like uh like well in all forms and and and and and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in the uh uh uh uh uh like um like 2005 National League Championship Series, with with with with with the winner of that you know so like uh series series series series series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing okay okay okay okay okay um um uh enough, so they constructed, on their own, own, own, own, own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from from from from from Dalhousie like well um uh University with two degrees at age age age age age 19, and so I mean well I mean then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, the the the the the '88 corps so you know uh like was very very very very very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the so um I I I I I mean I mean corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the Clocktower, uh uh uh uh uh you know um well is Croydon's main main main main main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, okay like like like like like so okay 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) involved the artist hacking hacking hacking hacking hacking you know um well you know a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', uh uh uh uh uh well um okay though a single line hinted at such a a a a a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the the the the the longest um so so okay - running Ramones line - - - - - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language language language language language in well um uh um and of itself', itself', itself', itself', itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went on uh um um um um um okay like to compare the album to the work of of of of of I mean so well you know Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of well um um um um um so I mean this village near Laheriasarai Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you you know um um um um um so so can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM frequency frequency frequency frequency frequency was originally home to well you know so you know know know know know KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the on the on the on the on on on on on the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United United United United United States so uh you know I mean Attorney for the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern District of Michigan, won uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with with with with with health care fraud, so well uh well conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of artists artists artists artists artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team you know know know know know like you know so to score 100 points against against against against against another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) you know um um um um um um like in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division Division Division Division Division so so I mean um I team to record record record record record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - - - - - call I mean like um um from the Nova Corps requesting requesting requesting requesting requesting the assistance of the Guardians uh so well uh of of of of of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors mitotic inhibitors mitotic inhibitors mitotic inhibitors inhibitors inhibitors inhibitors inhibitors mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as as as as as uh so um you know plant alkaloids and primarily used used used used used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second the second the second the second the the the the the second of four daughters of a well - I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay to - do dental surgeon and a a a a a housewife, Neila's well um okay well mother's name name name name name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae the Hemidontidae the Hemidontidae the Hemidontidae the Hemidontidae Hemidontidae Hemidontidae Hemidontidae Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater I mean I mean mean mean mean mean like well characins found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in in in in in the so I mean like okay German second tier league league league league league during the January transfer um so I mean so window window window window window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are are are are are I mean so I mean well now followers of Islam, there there there there there are many Tanks still existing I mean so so so so so okay okay among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for for for for for the okay so like so url parameter therefore the the the the the use of the asin parameter well okay uh so and any any any any any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field field field field field so well you know well teams play at Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming like um I mean like & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is almost almost almost almost almost the um so uh uh same size as as as as as HIP 110703, but don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, another son, another son, another son, another son, General General General General General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia legislature, you know I I I I I mean well I mean then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, Indiana, Indiana, Indiana, Indiana, where he became a judge you know I mean mean mean mean mean um well and subsequently Adjutant General of the United United United United United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more more more more more like well I mean well episodes and air the original original original original original Dragonball anime and was the uh so well so top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was raphael was raphael was raphael was raphael raphael raphael raphael raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on um like okay okay okay okay okay I mean Wednesday 10th February 1988, he lived in in in in in you know you know well you know Morecambe Kingsway estate estate estate estate estate from 1988 - 1994, he so so um you you you you you know has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened opened opened opened opened its um like I mean um doors to its first first first first first batch of students pursuing Degree programmes like okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The The The The The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with um well well well well well well so altered states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised improvised improvised improvised improvised pieces like I mean you know you know of of of of of music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her her her her her radio engineer, so I mean uh you know and rumors developed developed developed developed developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 1979 well well well well well okay um I mean as the last Persian monarch monarch monarch monarch monarch and in the resulting like uh okay like power vacuum two two two two two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and articles. The The The The The you know um well like Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, marc Rotenberg, marc marc marc marc marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called you you you you you know well like I mean the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season a you you you you you know like you know so half helping to keep the club club club club club in the Championship uh uh uh like with with with with with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr Warr Warr Warr Warr well okay you know uh and 5th Baron West West West West West KB KG (c. 1457 I mean uh well well well well well well -- 10 October 1525) was the oldest son of of of of of well okay um okay Richard West, 7th Baron De De De De De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners well so so so so so um you know were trickling in on rumours of of of of of gold, driving a uh um I mean uh population increase increase increase increase increase justifying the setting up of a police you you you you you know well I mean you know force, just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in participated in participated in participated in participated participated participated participated participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting at Ostrogozhsk, uh I mean uh um Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig bruce Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, well you know well well well well well I mean has been a National Party member member member member member of the Australian like well I mean so House House House House House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 well um like okay in Paris and Senior & & & & & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws well um like um (LL. M.) program with concentrations concentrations concentrations concentrations concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key item well well well well well um well okay called Solomon's Key; positioning the the the the the crests correctly will unlock okay so like uh new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Church like uh you know I mean of of of of of Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his you know know know know know I mean so uh work, there is a strong suggestion that that that that that he closely identified you know you know um um Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March like like like like like you know okay uh 24, 1960 in Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - Marie Adeline, um um um um um you know like you know was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his his his his his way to I mean well so so Valladolid, Valladolid, Valladolid, Valladolid, Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met a a a a a resistance um uh like you know of about 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, deployed along the like like like like like so so so Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period period period period period so like okay you know of strong economic growth during during during during during the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth okay well I I I I I mean uh slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at educated at educated at educated at educated educated educated educated educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium in Sendling okay well uh okay - Westpark, Munich, he he he he he was called up to the I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, I I I I I mean you know I mean like Georgia) is a United United United United United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million million million million million 9million 9million 9million 9million square you know I mean you you you you you know you know kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one one one one one so um okay I mean - third the area of of of of of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking in looking in looking in looking looking looking looking looking in looking to make a follow up to '7 Days Days Days Days Days in like so like you know Hell,' Samberg and his his his his his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean the Chilean the Chilean the Chilean the Chilean jack jack jack jack jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species like um okay so so so so so of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of of of of of uh well like okay Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- so so so so so okay you know like 1950s most of the surrounding water water water water water was filled in, well so I mean so so that that that that that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, uh like so I mean the Las Vegas Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Police Department stated that um okay so like like like like like one suspect, a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are there are there are there are there there there there there are many types, all with different properties I mean mean mean mean mean well okay um that make them advantageous for for for for for different applications when bound to a I mean I I I I I mean you know so subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better so um um um um um uh you know known as Rachel Zoe, is is is is is an American fashion stylist best uh so like okay known known known known known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also also also also also known as um um so uh heptanyl acetate and acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate C - 7, is a colorless so well well okay okay okay okay okay alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in in in in in uh you know well I mean Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican footballer who currently plays uh um uh well centre centre centre centre centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to to to to to cool below like you know so you know a certain certain certain certain certain temperature, as there was a risk of the okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know sulphur and nitrogen oxides oxides oxides oxides oxides in the flue gases um so I mean like condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely okay well well well well well like uh devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, beginning I mean um I mean um in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes um I I I I I mean I mean I mean cast, followed by HDZ at 28 28 28 28 28. 32 %, independent candidates received uh uh like well 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic mesaxonic mesaxonic mesaxonic mesaxonic you know I mean like I mean foot foot foot foot foot structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the foot passes passes passes passes passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some like I mean okay um um um um um old coins with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on on on on on well uh so well it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum I mean mean mean mean mean so like well dots (QDs) can emit single photons photons photons photons photons and can be constructed like okay uh um from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as I I I I I mean you know so like Jigging is thought thought thought thought thought to be the partial originator of um so um so so so so so traditional, popping, and locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints like like like like like um okay so based on her ceramics for for for for for a festival in Seville Expo uh okay like um in 1992, 1992, 1992, 1992, 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway kosli Railway kosli Railway kosli Railway kosli Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani railway well okay okay okay okay okay okay so lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of I I I I I mean well you know okay railway track is is is is is in progress at fast pace n like well well uh there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume most um um um um um well well well of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that that that that that you know so uh you know relate to his Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary role, although the Lord like okay so I mean mean mean mean mean Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized you know I mean well you know with the rest rest rest rest rest of his family, but he has okay you know know know know know so so started to hang out with a bad crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd um you know well so and ultimately participates in in in in in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most most most most most um you know I mean I mean of the the the the the supporting characters returned for the new program, okay um like I I I I I mean which ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, giacomo Meyerbeer, giacomo Meyerbeer, giacomo Meyerbeer, giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 well like you know know know know know um -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera you you you you you know well well okay composer, who with his his his his his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave like okay okay okay okay okay uh you know castles', fortifications in Ghana built built built built built by Swedish traders, okay you know you know like originally originally originally originally originally for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for recording recording recording recording recording you know like like so with Tony Banks on keyboards keyboards keyboards keyboards keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing uh uh uh well the guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar and bass guitar in the studio, although so you you you you you know so okay the line - up was regularly augmented augmented augmented augmented augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is not not not not not well like um um considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Health Health Health Health Insurance Portability and Accountability well you know well okay okay okay okay okay Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 like well uh uh pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID ID ID ID ID like um I mean well Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain so uh um I mean country in front of of of of of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of like you know well well well well well uh India in the Pithoragarh district means herd herd herd herd herd of cows. Well linked well linked well linked well well well well well linked well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used used used used used so um so like the facilities for their their their their their summer practice and the university like I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no with no with no with no with with with with with no engine thrust, the plane lost height and like like like like like so okay I mean it plunged into the small village village village village village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the administratively, the administratively, the administratively, the administratively, administratively, administratively, administratively, administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities of um like you know like Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs his jobs his jobs his jobs his his his his his jobs in his teenage years included being an ice um like like like like like well well - cream salesman and a night - - - - - club well you know like so bouncer and and and and and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon uh uh uh uh uh like um um (2 February 1933 - 4 July July July July July 2009) was the I mean um well like son of George Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde um well um like like like like like (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea in so so I mean I mean the 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd century AD, the Goths soon split into into into into into uh okay well um two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited he edited he edited he edited he edited edited edited edited edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of of of of of Hobbes you know um um well 'Leviathan' and was was was was was a columnist for 'The Times' and I mean well well well well well um okay 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true true true true true experience so well so well of actor George Voskovec, Voskovec, Voskovec, Voskovec, Voskovec, who was kept interned at uh you know well well well well well you know Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed to so so so so so like I mean so Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Automatique Automatique Automatique Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several rounds rounds rounds rounds rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean a single room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of um um um um um you know I mean so the qualifying events events events events events for The Open Championship; the leading uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean um three players who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May May May May May 7, so um well um 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some some some some some like I mean okay uh taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs bogs bogs bogs bogs in the breeding like well I mean like like like like like season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who who who who who were okay um so well in possession of Mathura Mathura Mathura Mathura Mathura were advancing towards you know uh okay okay Pataliputra but getting the the the the the news of the triumph of Kharavela like uh I I I I I mean well at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to to to to to catalog what uh um I mean um existed in Brazil at the time time time time time of the conquest, including Maximilian well uh okay okay Wied Wied Wied Wied Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive okay okay okay okay okay um um okay VP of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, season, season, season, season, you know you know um um Howe went out out out out out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Maurice Maurice Maurice Maurice uh um like okay Tripp also attended, and all three three three three three men would more than you know um like you know know know know know 20 years later play a key role in helping helping helping helping helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any like I I I I I mean okay like unit that manages to get close to to to to to them can take okay I mean so well them out out out out out very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint stint stint stint stint well so uh I mean as a coach coach coach coach coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who who who who who well okay like uh may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of of of of of two councillors um um well so to opt out out out out out of retroactive salary increases that council okay okay like like like like like uh had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the the the the the like uh you know like next council term which which which which which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São São São São São like I mean well well Paulo South Mission (2011 to to to to to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) I mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about about about about about uh well like well 350 species of woody plants plants plants plants plants in the Antarctic flora, native uh okay okay so so so so so to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New you know know know know know well you know like Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament well so so so so so um um of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October October October October October 20, 2007; the uh uh you know you know know know know know second round of the elections to the Council of of of of of um uh um I mean States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton uh uh uh uh uh well well like took up the campaign against the the the the the truck system, by okay like so you know which employees employees employees employees employees were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal like like like like like uh I mean um an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, muggers, muggers, muggers, muggers, Johnnie okay uh uh you know Red denies it at at at at at first, but later he tells them um okay you know know know know know so he did have it but gave it to to to to to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of of of of of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a you you you you you know so well uh dancer, although she loved loved loved loved loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four okay so so so so so so um aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb which, aimed you know uh okay you know at at at at at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received well well well well well so so okay two Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over over over over over terrestrial well you know like you know plants And nowadays, nowadays, nowadays, nowadays, nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean were medical medical medical medical medical practitioners and surgeons who had been educated in Pakistan well well well well well uh I mean uh and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor his successor his successor his successor successor successor successor successor his successor Les Sutton failed to win a like um um um um um so so single League game; although the club club club club club won the Manchester Premier like like okay I mean Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it it it it it okay so um I mean is ranked 8 th th th th th overall in South Korea, um okay um uh 7 th th th th th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on on on on on um I mean uh so SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 you know I mean you know well where he tallied 3 goals goals goals goals goals and 5 assists um okay well you know in 8 8 8 8 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay became apparent for a community community community community community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular popular popular popular popular beginner surfing okay uh okay um spots in the San Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco area, among surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for uh uh uh uh uh I mean like uh a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 to 2006, um well um uh before she officially started started started started started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two months uh uh uh uh uh well um you know old, forcing her mother to move move move move move to California I mean like well uh to find find find find find work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and and and and and Julie looked after well like uh like him at Eileen's, Eileen's, Eileen's, Eileen's, Eileen's, who vowed never to speak to uh um you know know know know know um her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is is is is is like okay like so dependent on agriculture and fishing however, however, however, however, however, a growing industry uh like okay well in machinery machinery machinery machinery machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's annual you know know know know know okay like well income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England England England England England in international well like you know um football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument the Monument the Monument the Monument the Monument is thought thought thought thought thought to be the first of uh well so so so so so I mean its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's like Li's like Li's like Li's like like like like like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with so um um um um um um so the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns turns turns turns turns a sharply I mean you know um you know know know know know critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after after after after after Pres. Thomas like um I mean okay Jefferson appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam beam beam beam beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out out out out out of I mean um I mean um the 325 325 325 325 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement I I I I I mean like like you know and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to like so so so so so um you know understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social social social social social investments and okay uh um I mean screen screen screen screen screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as as as as as alternative you know so you know so metal, experimental rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is um um um um um well well okay an unidentified, extinct genus of of of of of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains I mean you know know know know know you know you know have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's Liam's Liam's Liam's Liam's brother, I mean uh you know like Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam well okay um um um um um you know that she is an escort but keeps quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet I mean well you know I mean after after after after after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, this year, this year, this year, this this this this this year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP Image like like like like like um I mean I mean Award for Best Jazz Jazz Jazz Jazz Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen I mean you know well well well well well you know & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The The The The The okay okay you know uh 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by by by by by a you know like like you know Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline of the charter charter charter charter charter okay you know like I mean was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies lies lies lies lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar from so so like you know 1994 to 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, so uh um um um um um um and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; also so like like well known as Parsons Parsons Parsons Parsons Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school in in in in in well like um uh La Porte, Indiana, which was moved moved moved moved moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) is a I mean okay well I mean former former former former former Czech football player, he is a Holding midfielder who uh uh uh uh uh well uh so is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address the address the address the address the the the the the address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing um you you you you you know well okay competition Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, officials, officials, officials, officials, well I mean so well while that of the nobility nobility nobility nobility nobility and military establishment waned, I mean uh um well well well well well even though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss loss loss loss loss um so um um at C. D. Aves, he was was was was was sent off in the well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the during the during the during the during the summer summer summer summer summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 over 57 over 57 over 57 over over over over over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on so you know know know know know uh uh the NRHV are either privately owned or commercially commercially commercially commercially commercially operated, with museums um um um like and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and um I mean um um um um um I mean was one of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the the the the the well like um uh prosecutors were building their case, a number number number number number of key witnesses okay so okay I mean turned up up up up up dead and due to the lack well uh uh uh uh uh um um of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is is is is is an American like like like like professional basketball player player player player player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs after after after after after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his his his his his right okay like okay okay hand useless from from from from from the paralysis, Avery with his left hand so like like like like like like I mean scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, Major, Major, Major, Major, you know so I mean I mean tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly roughly roughly roughly roughly 317 times uh well um well per second, corresponding to to to to to a period of 3. 15 like you know know know know know um I mean milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and uh uh uh uh uh you know well um Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, so okay okay okay okay okay I mean well Anglican, day school for girls, in Strathfield, Strathfield, Strathfield, Strathfield, Strathfield, an okay I mean okay you know inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Gary you know so okay I mean - - - - - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he he he he he like you know I mean well was living in in in in in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of like you you you you you know well I mean the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, Britain, Britain, Britain, Britain, some like like so well believe were designed in in in in in the likeness of their purported creators okay um you know know know know know like - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed keynes believed keynes believed keynes believed keynes believed believed believed believed believed that the last two of his equations you know know know know know like well I mean could be solved in isolation, and was was was was was mistaken because he okay you know uh I mean had failed failed failed failed failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel room so well um you know in Plymouth and and and and and spent four days in you know well uh okay hospital in in in in in hospital but he was discharged after recovering but you you you you you know okay like well died on 6 June June June June June 1973 from an accidental overdose uh I mean well uh uh uh uh uh of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well Abbey of Reading in the C18th C18th C18th C18th C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father his father his father his father his father father father father father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies like I mean mean mean mean mean well um and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up up up up up in I mean like I mean like like like like like New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color of of of of of well I mean like so his first urethane wheels: while while while while while Powell was making them in like well um uh his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um area to join a wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling tour in Japan and have another so well so I I I I I mean outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture I mean like so so so so so so gallery, Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being being being being being a you know well so okay member of the the the the the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem also shows shows shows shows shows well well uh you know that a theory theory theory theory theory with arbitrarily large finite models must well well like like like like like I mean have an infinite model; sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer uh uh uh uh uh so okay um to the teachings of Rev Rev Rev Rev Rev. Branham; however, this term I mean so like like is is is is is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly branham strongly branham branham branham branham branham strongly branham strongly branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum the mausoleum the mausoleum the mausoleum the mausoleum mausoleum mausoleum mausoleum mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 like I mean so um um um um um - 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage uh I mean well okay Support Project of the World Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, and also depicted I mean okay okay you know know know know know on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h 7h 7h 7h 7h when so uh I mean like the SA, still in in in in in bed, were taken by surprise, the well um um um um um uh so SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the company company company company company is like um I mean well noted for its historic role role role role role in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, well so uh uh its prominence prominence prominence prominence prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and industry uh you know like like like like like you know innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh album 'A Meeting by the River' River' River' River' River' with Ry Cooder, as well you know well well well well well um uh as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western Western Western Western Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as as as as as so you know I mean okay an eight - page monthly, monthly, monthly, monthly, monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director you you you you you know uh so so and actor, with over over over over over 500 professional credits including 140 like uh well um episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes of the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that um okay okay okay okay okay um you know revolves around acting, so you stay stay stay stay stay very grounded here' to um like okay well well well well well 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final the final the final the final the final final final final final model was the top of this sector, the like you you you you you know you know uh Canon FT QL, which was was was was was developed to combat the well uh like so growing popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against against against against against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land so I I I I I mean like so to the south Dante's Inferno making the the the the the ruler of Dante's Inferno, uh okay uh you know Dante to to to to to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le auguste Le auguste Le auguste Le auguste auguste auguste auguste auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two two two two two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, you you you you you know well um so normal diet; wild and feral feral feral feral feral dogs can usually get all so okay like um the the the the the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M so well well well well well well I mean. H & h& h& h& h& Rakhimov Rakhimov Rakhimov Rakhimov Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but you you you you you know I mean you know I mean suffered an exit in the the the the the quarter - finals against Turkey, I mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh and he admitted that the the the the the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent the Independent the Independent the Independent the Independent Independent Independent Independent Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body uh like like like like like uh you know created by the UK Government in response response response response response to the you know like okay I mean inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Intercollegiate well like uh well Athletic Association, a conference that it it it it it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over you know know know know know I mean okay well as principal guide from the the the the the older Kate Middlemass in you know okay I I I I I mean I mean the early 1880s, she became recognised recognised recognised recognised recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not not not not not um like um well include a separate operating system, instead instead instead instead instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the the the the the like so like uh Americas, subscribes to the the the the the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box box box box box office so I mean well like banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', Violinist', Violinist', Violinist', Violinist', has multiple albums okay well well so distributed globally by by by by by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he he he he he is I mean okay okay I mean not called up; up; up; up; up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd you you you you you know so uh um - numbered frames, inside the the the the the super frame, and consists okay okay well so of of of of of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in in in in in I mean uh like I mean Delhi for 18 months months months months months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area area area area area of the uh okay I mean um Honourable Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at North well well well well well um okay like Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, well well well well well um okay um Greenwich, whilst shortly after her death death death death death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was kilpatrick was kilpatrick was kilpatrick was kilpatrick kilpatrick kilpatrick kilpatrick kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Democratic Democratic Democratic Democratic Democratic you know you know well okay party, serving in in in in in that position 1998 to 2000, and subsequently like um um um um um uh well house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine german submarine german submarine german submarine german german german german german submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of the the the the the German okay you know uh you know 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by by by by by um so so uh the Hamburg Opera where in in in in in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Red Red Red Red okay uh um um Sox sold out every home home home home home game (794 regular season games, 820 uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold out I I I I I mean um so okay its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in in in in in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because because because because because she um uh um uh was a grave murderer, and and and and and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Glenfield Glenfield Glenfield Glenfield Gazette, and the parish okay well I mean you know know know know know council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River River River River River and Mill Creek uh okay okay so with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has he has he has he has he has has has has has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, I mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until until until until until um um you know okay the late nineteenth century, and and and and and the Mexican government's desire to end you know know know know know okay I mean so arms and ammunition smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama okay you you you you you know so I mean 'Hard Country' (1981) with with with with with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; you know so so so so so okay you know then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton bob Layton bob Layton bob Layton bob Layton is is is is is an American comic book artist, who okay um you know I I I I I mean has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered registered registered registered registered in um okay uh so India that manufactures engines engines engines engines engines and heavy equipment, with shares traded on okay like so you you you you you know the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager um um um um um um I mean like credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a I I I I I mean you know well um 15 % of the shares shares shares shares shares however most of its holdings uh um uh I mean in in in in in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical study study study study study of um so like like gender variance is much much much much much broader than Benjamin's early description, and okay like okay so so so so so use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of of of of of Denver, Colorado I mean you know like I I I I I mean it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time as time as time as time as time passed, passed, passed, passed, passed, the suffix - 'ava' could well um well so so so so so have changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the the the the the son I mean okay I mean um of of of of of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a a a a a so I mean you know so the interior of a a a a a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where um uh well um the mantle muscles muscles muscles muscles muscles attach, which in clams with well well you know uh two two two two two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was he was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, Maine, Maine, Maine, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of you know um um um um um uh like satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song the song the song the song the the the the the song is a moderate up - tempo whose you know well uh uh uh uh uh like central character is a recently - married male you know know know know know okay uh well sitting on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within um you know so I I I I I mean Parliamentary systems of the Australian colonies during during during during during the 1850s, however the you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. The U. The U. The The The The The U. The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was so you you you you you know you know okay established in 2001 and the the the the the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act of of of of of so you know I mean uh 1946, and in October 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon era when um like well you know the Blackburnshire Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he he he he he okay um okay okay is an epicurean and writes with with with with with imagination um you know um uh about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool tool tool tool tool use; juvenile okay um like you know woodpecker woodpecker woodpecker woodpecker woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer drummer drummer drummer drummer Randy Ragsdale, okay okay like I mean who had died died died died died in an auto accident near so I mean you know know know know know I mean College Station, Texas on the way to see see see see see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is um um um um um well you know so a Greek football player player player player player currently playing as a left okay uh okay like full full full full full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after after after after after Ilha uh well like well de Vera Cruz went into into into into into disuse, for it was so uh okay you know know know know know reckognised it was a continent, not an island anymore; anymore; anymore; anymore; anymore; and well like uh like before the country was administratively administratively administratively administratively administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for um um um um um so uh I mean Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) 1923) 1923) 1923) 1923) was a New okay um well well Zealand botanist and also also also also also a naturalist who had a okay um okay okay okay okay okay so wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that he he he he he uh uh um I mean even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown john Brown john Brown john Brown john Brown Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark (born 22 September 1964) is so uh well well a a a a a Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, United, United, United, United, Stoke so like you know you know City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the so um you you you you you know um Ottoman era as a repressive one that contained contained contained contained contained anti-Christian discrimination so you know so okay and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( ( ( ( ( uh I mean well uh also called the 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied victor studied victor studied victor studied studied studied studied studied victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit was a meeting uh you know you know um of several several several several several high - level al - Qaeda members held held held held held uh uh um uh in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time time time time time by uh you know like okay Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Saline, you know you know you know like parked parked parked parked parked his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname nickname nickname nickname nickname well um well okay given to him by by by by by fellow musician Dan uh you know so well Massie in in in in in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the' the' the' the' the' you know uh you know like Fordham Environmental Law Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, and first gained notice as the I mean mean mean mean mean uh so um moderator of a panel about citing citing citing citing citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against against against against against the church well well so you know to his political political political political political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are I I I I I mean okay like like speed and price, however a a a a a static balancer can only correct so so uh um in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, well uh uh uh uh uh so um 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a a a a a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born mishka (born mishka (born mishka (born mishka mishka mishka mishka mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer singer singer singer singer like uh you know uh from Bermuda, who released an an an an an album on Creation Records in 1999, um uh uh like like like like like and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he however, he however, he however, he however, however, however, however, however, he would never play any official games for the the the the the uh so so um club, as all of the the the the the team's foreign player I mean so um so spots spots spots spots spots were used up; he was quickly loaned out uh uh uh uh uh uh so um to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose he rose he rose he rose he rose rose rose rose rose up to work in the Directorate of uh uh um um um um um well Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B B B B B. C like uh um well. 's Ian 's Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian 's Ian 's Ian 's Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New Day,' like well okay okay Himes said that he he he he he was troubled by several actions by the so so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested so I mean I I I I I mean um cities because of heavy traffic, it used used used used used to uh like um um be at the top top top top top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting Effingham, Effingham, Effingham, Effingham, Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was well uh um I I I I I mean a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, 57, 57, 57, 57, you know uh you know I mean which which which which which lies very close to most of well um like okay okay okay okay okay Illinois 37 (indeed the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former um um um um um um um well Ypsilanti Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Party Nomination for you know okay okay I mean District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, family, family, family, family, well like so like and he gives some details and after after after after after some research, Julie um okay um so learns that that that that that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie um uh okay I I I I I mean Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde Lyde Lyde Lyde Lyde well uh uh so & Gilbert in Shanghai will also also also also also be transferred to Barlow um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated partnership I mean um okay uh known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did did did did did not choose so I mean I mean um to appear, appear, appear, appear, appear, and was deprived of his estates, although uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it seems that he was able to have a I I I I I mean like well well portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of of of of of siopao I mean like like you know with with with with with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned pineapple like like like like like uh well um in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is tv is tv is tv is tv is is is is is a long - running weekly television show show show show show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure procedure procedure procedure procedure usually performed first well okay you know so when the computer computer computer computer computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the so so so so so I mean so like 6th Bersaglieres Bologna, he first first first first first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, um um um um um you know you know okay the large collection was was was was was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school school school school school in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead instead instead instead instead referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, in 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 deadmau5 deadmau5 deadmau5 deadmau5 when you know like um so the company head head head head head Melleefresh discovered the artist where the two uh so uh okay collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 2002) was um like um um a Texas woman woman woman woman woman who, among other things, claimed to um like okay okay okay okay okay okay have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative an alternative an alternative an alternative an alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative etymology was advanced by writer and um so so um um um um um scholar Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory contradictory contradictory contradictory contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics; critics; critics; critics; critics; like well I mean you know review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes reported that 59 % of um you know you you you you you know well critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so he he he he he so I mean um well asks Peter to lock up up up up up the store for him, okay you know well well telling him him him him him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit hermit hermit hermit hermit woman living in so well I mean so so so so so the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom so so so so so okay um um claimed that the spirit regularly conversed conversed conversed conversed conversed with her and kept well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I mean the cell she lived in dry by by by by by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka Snuka Snuka Snuka Snuka so I mean well uh faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in in in in in a non-title lumberjill match, however, so I mean um you know know know know know the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' are uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: itself: itself: itself: itself: so like you know okay for example, a vignette vignette vignette vignette vignette about a house belonging to like okay well so so so so so a collection of vignettes or a whole story, uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the the the the the outer I mean you know uh um or or or or or outside lane, since the edge of the you know know know know know I mean well so road nearer to the verge (or (or (or (or (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' revolution '69' revolution '69' revolution '69' revolution revolution revolution revolution revolution '69' was the final studio album by by by by by the group, featuring I mean like um well Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Butler as lead singer on most tracks, following following following following following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish authorities, so I mean well so because if the population population population population population became mostly French, there um so um uh could be be be be be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know uh Monarchy decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he he he he he falls into uh like well like the castle's frozen frozen frozen frozen frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and uh uh uh uh uh like so like lights and barriers at the entrances to to to to to notify drivers if uh okay um uh the tunnel is is is is is closed, as well as radio uh well um uh uh uh uh uh coverage and a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with one one one one one like like okay you know of the smallest payrolls payrolls payrolls payrolls payrolls in the Major Leagues and with um so so well well well well well six of their starting position players, three of their their their their their five uh well uh well starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. T. F. T. F. T. F. T. F. Green Green Green Green Green is also visited daily by a Boeing um like you you you you you know you know 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer fewer fewer fewer fewer than 75 Boeing well I mean you know you you you you you know 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is is is is is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new new new new new 'Mad uh uh like okay Money' set which replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced a variation of the original set so you know know know know know you know like that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the stage uh uh uh uh uh like uh so with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert concert concert concert concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest chest chest chest chest x-ray) is well well well well a classic hallmark sign of of of of of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld uh uh uh uh uh well like uh Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the you you you you you know uh well well University of London was born born born born born in 1913 in Kha - ye I mean so well like like like like like village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW the UFW UFW UFW UFW UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, as okay like so so so so so like there were no locals elected as staff and and and and and because uh like okay so the survival of the staff staff staff staff staff wasn't linked directly to you know well like you know know know know know membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing while pursuing while pursuing while pursuing while while while while while pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe um um well okay at a cafe when her car breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks down, however she you know uh uh okay is is is is is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the you know know know know know um so so hallway, revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able to well well well well well so so I mean face these things and retired from from from from from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was I mean like um um um um um like dedicated to the Virgen del Pilar, whose image image image image image had okay you know okay uh been given by by by by by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town okay okay okay okay okay okay so um was named town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille I mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know communication, most notably a a a a a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in in in in in okay well well well the United Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom means a person or organization whose uh so uh like like like like like business is to market real estate on behalf of um um um um um I mean well like clients, but there are significant differences differences differences differences differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the since the since the since the since the the the the the map is already displayed, there is no well you you you you you know you know okay actual exploration to be done; instead instead instead instead instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach approach approach approach approach is I mean um like well better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the Kanem the the the the the Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate were like um like uh major historical Islamic states states states states states in northern Nigeria that were like like um like strong strong strong strong strong states with strong kings who held an like well well well well well you know um advanced legal and taxation systems, with religion serving serving serving serving serving to okay like so uh legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - greenfield greenfield greenfield greenfield greenfield - Central High School is part of the the the the the Hoosier uh so you know so Heritage Conference and offers offers offers offers offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, you know um okay okay okay okay okay you know golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, I mean uh like so 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher Fletcher Fletcher Fletcher Fletcher University Professor and Director of you know um well okay okay okay okay okay the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same name, name, name, name, name, you know like I mean uh and is located located located located located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the the the the the uh I mean so like Act in respect of of of of of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD you know uh uh uh uh uh so like is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is I mean mean mean mean mean like well uh a retired male backstroke swimmer from from from from from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the the the the the battle uh well well I mean Kinkaid's force had put put put put put up against heavy odds, I mean uh well well and and and and and the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he like I I I I I mean like so started his spree by killing his own own own own own grandmother, who had well uh okay I mean brought brought brought brought brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Constantine Constantine Constantine Constantine Constantine built I mean so uh um the new imperial capital capital capital capital capital on the Bosphorous, i. E you know um um um um um um um. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after after after after after relegation you know I mean so so so so so so from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, well well well well well you know um I mean fielding youth teams in in in in in the North West Youth okay I mean uh okay Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the the the the the lead core like okay so well of a bullet bullet bullet bullet bullet was also a transformative event in okay well so you you you you you know firearm history: from now on bullets bullets bullets bullets bullets could be fired at okay so like like very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh so uh uh uh uh uh I mean well of Weezer and Krist Novoselic, bassist bassist bassist bassist bassist of Nirvana, in like like okay um the 'Come as You Are' Are' Are' Are' Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December December December December December 6, 1935) was uh I mean you know okay an an an an an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is is is is is like like um um uncertian, the accessory was not not not not not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old old old old old 'Kindar' boy I mean I mean uh you know in a a a a a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol 'Ol 'Ol 'Ol 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster at okay I mean well okay scrum - half half half half half and middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree degree degree degree degree um uh well well (J. D.), Cooley also offers the the the the the Master of Laws I mean I mean um I I I I I mean (LL. M.) degree as well as joint degrees in in in in in Master of you know um you know well Business Administration Administration Administration Administration Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and Master you know know know know know well I mean okay of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 12 12 12 12 prototypes um okay you know well were offered, all all all all all designed around the Hispano - Suiza I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay so 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of Judaic Judaic Judaic Judaic Judaic like so well well artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along along along along along with you know um like like talk about iStories, and and and and and talk about iPods, a nice, so so so so so so so um growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators I mean mean mean mean mean so so like with octave divide - down to to to to to provide full polyphony, you know well I mean I I I I I mean while the built - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - - - - - um so um I mean brigade devices controlled by two two two two two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in in in in in you know I mean okay well the fifth round round round round round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL like like like like like like so so draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to returning to returning to returning to returning to to to to to Washington on April 21 in response to well like so you know know know know know a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center center center center center I mean like you know so of a vilification campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location location location location location well you know so like and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have have have have have also mirrored okay okay uh so the national trend of of of of of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released I I I I I mean you know okay you know over forty songs, with with with with with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based well I I I I I mean um um in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Thursday', you know uh uh well Michaels vacated the WWF World World World World World Heavyweight Championship; he explained like I mean okay okay okay okay okay well to fans that he was informed by by by by by doctors that he well um well so had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain in um I mean so well Salzburg, Austria Austria Austria Austria Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride ride ride ride ride to okay so so um meet Shelby with his entire entire entire entire entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune like like like like like you know like uh feat. Fukase as the opening opening opening opening opening theme for the first eight well you know uh um um um um um episodes and then from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action action action action action show, but a okay I mean well like six six six six six - part comic book series 'from the minds' um you you you you you know I mean uh of the original Jericho Jericho Jericho Jericho Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the uh uh so so so so so you know Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an an an an an well um like okay American actor, comedian and writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, famous for being a cast member and you know um uh uh uh uh uh um writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was this was this was this was was was was was this was enough to secure him the suffrages of the uh uh uh uh uh like like well Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain was well okay I mean you know strengthened by by by by by the accession of an ally whose one like uh well uh uh uh uh uh idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British British British British British English, and the okay so you know okay word 'measure' is is is is is more common in (an incomplete measure I mean well so so so so so um at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville uh so so so so so you know uh received her primary education at home, later later later later later studying art okay well well like in Paris in in in in in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became henry became henry became henry became henry became became became became became involved in local affairs within the community and well I I I I I mean you know um stood as a liberal candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate this was to be I mean okay like like the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by the the the the the like I mean okay you know author which are are are are are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in in in in in like like so so the U. S. State State State State State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers uh so so so so so I mean well and it utilizes neutral network and and and and and artificial intelligence okay I mean uh well to add artistic artistic artistic artistic artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut - you know like uh like The Resonance -' -' -' -' -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono um um well well well well well so and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay DD 945 and USS Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis J. Buckley DD - you know um well so 808 808 808 808 808 steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Bernardino Bernardino Bernardino Bernardino I mean uh okay like Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the well well well well well well um I mean striking voltage, the gas gas gas gas gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a um you know know know know know okay I mean plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named named named named named Lynx, who so you know uh okay gained control of of of of of the estate after usurping power from and and and and and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha you know know know know know okay okay you know had advocated for a president elected by by by by by direct popular suffrage, uh I mean okay well well well well well but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, but but but but but hi well so I mean okay power was broken: the emirs emirs emirs emirs emirs of Syria began to make terms uh you know so so so so so um with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy TV uh well uh um series that was first aired aired aired aired aired on October 5, uh okay you know okay 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November November November November November so uh so well 1971 to May 1982, making making making making making him Hong Kong's longest you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know serving governor; his ten and a half half half half half years I mean I mean so uh in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, California California California California California you know okay um so on 6 June 1976, at at at at at the age of 85 like you know so well and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the well um um um um um um okay second, was taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors debtors debtors debtors debtors within okay you know like I mean 12 12 12 12 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, 3977, 3977, 3977, 3977, at so um uh so the planets Earth and and and and and Pluto, the background of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the like I mean mean mean mean mean well so 20th anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the the the the the uh well I mean you know relevant country country country country country and are often as detailed in their design you know know know know know like so you know as banknotes - usually made made made made made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until uh like like like like like uh um 1897, however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles well I mean uh okay Davis recorded in La La La La La Pinède, Juan - les - so well like well Pins (France) ORTF ORTF ORTF ORTF ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, vincent Cartier, vincent Cartier, vincent Cartier, vincent vincent vincent vincent vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his so okay okay okay okay okay you know um observations of Kubrick during the the the the the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, well you know know know know know like I mean impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs photographs photographs photographs photographs with friends okay so I mean so performing fights fights fights fights fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage so um um um um um uh well Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in in in in in like like like okay Ventura, California) played his his his his his college career at Ventura College for you know like like like like like uh I mean his freshman and sophomore year, year, year, year, year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az 'Az 'Az 'Az 'Az Apostol' well well like okay ( 'The Apostle' Apostle' Apostle' Apostle' Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional okay like okay uh revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those those those those those of well so I mean you know a Reader (grade F) F) F) F) F) and an associate professor until okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean I mean 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for for for for for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is is is is is you know like uh uh a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was was was was was okay well like like incorporated on 10 July 1899 and and and and and opened to freight I mean like um you know know know know know on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current the current the current the current the the the the the current configuration (as shown in the photo at okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know right) was adopted in in in in in 1965 when the down Wairarapa uh so um like track track track track track was moved from the west to the well well well well well well you know well east of the NIMT tracks with with with with with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are there are there are there are are are are are there are a number of issues over which the the the the the you know um well you know United States and Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like Field, is a public use use use use use airport located one nautical you know okay I mean uh mile mile mile mile mile (1. 85 km) south of the central business district of of of of of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and so well well well well well like um Honduras and maintains more than four million square feet feet feet feet feet of um uh I mean uh inventory nationwide nationwide nationwide nationwide nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- you you you you you know okay okay I mean founding a small farm -- -- -- -- -- and initiated a so uh I mean like youth addiction addiction addiction addiction addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May in May in May in May in May May May May May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know like behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now now now now now being completed in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments I I I I I mean well you know I mean of Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, okay well I mean so 2004, she announced that she was was was was was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an uh um um um um um I mean I mean auxiliary mathematical tool, a trick as as as as as it were, to simplify the um okay okay okay transformation transformation transformation transformation transformation from one system into another -- it was Poincaré you you you you you know uh um um in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it it it it it is well well you know so 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH I I I I I mean um um so Zürich in 1984 - 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, where he succeeded Beno I mean I mean well well well well well okay Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making well okay okay okay okay okay like uh walls and paste with mud for their thatched thatched thatched thatched thatched huts in so okay you know well villages, but but but but but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - lévi - lévi - lévi lévi lévi lévi lévi - lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' 'Mythologiques' 'Mythologiques' 'Mythologiques' 'Mythologiques' in okay uh uh you know 1971 and in in in in in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate Highgate Highgate Highgate Highgate cemetery um you know you know so Though fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly affluent during most of his career, he okay you know I I I I I mean um fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an an an an an incoming um so well uh Republican member of the the the the the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don Don Don Don Don so I mean well you know Heck and is is is is is a powerful mystic, born over five hundred you know know know know know uh uh so years ago in the mystic city city city city city of Kamar well like well okay - Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean is a British singer / / / / / songwriter whose first band I mean I mean like like like like like like Judy and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw saw saw saw saw like you know well you know her taking the limelight limelight limelight limelight limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are they are they are they are they are are are are are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician um um um um um um like I mean and a member of the Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish parliament as a member um uh I mean like like like like like of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie rookie rookie rookie rookie draft by you know um um um the the the the the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and you you you you you know I mean well you know forty - fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle without playing playing playing playing playing you know so you know like an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called so so so so so well um um up by Serbia's U- 21 coach coach coach coach coach Miroslav Đukić to be um uh like so so so so so part of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; he he he he he okay so I mean like helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful and as so you know well well a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her her her her her head like uh okay um in the accident, that her significant significant significant significant significant other was never found, I mean uh you know well well well well well and that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will will will will will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in in in in in the entertainment you know um I mean uh industry, performing performing performing performing performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel you know know know know know well uh I mean for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news okay so so so so so so so quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band the band the band the band the band band band band band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev like you know um okay. The members are are are are are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro um uh uh uh uh uh so uh Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such such such such such uh okay okay well bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked worked worked worked worked on projects with like um uh you know such such such such such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay in Kansas, and the School School School School School Library Media Licensure program well um I mean well is is is is is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in in in in in Parke uh you know so like County, Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana and is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered okay like like like like like um um bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to um um um um um I mean okay um look similar and yet different - - - - - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on on on on on 27 on 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality nationality nationality nationality nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 so uh uh uh uh uh okay okay to run through downtown Boston; however, due to to to to to pressure from so you know you know so local residents, residents, residents, residents, residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route well I mean mean mean mean mean well uh 128 were cancelled in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served she served she served she served she served served served served served six terms on the county board from okay like like like like like like you know 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a um um um um um like so I mean removable glass wall -- one set set set set set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to to to to to set up okay I mean so well a private private private private private medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: you you you you you know like so so these came to naught, except that name of the the the the the 'Hunter okay so so I mean School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage british beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate okay uh well well well well well well parent company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on on on on on I mean okay okay well July 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in uh uh uh uh uh well so so New York City on December 13, 2016 and and and and and had okay uh um um a limited release on December December December December December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general election; election; election; election; election; well like so well he retired as Labour leader after after after after after losing the 1955 so you know so okay General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' like I I I I I mean uh so and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at born at born at born at born born born born born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and uh I I I I I mean you know like educated at Eving Christian College, College, College, College, College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata like I mean well um um um um um University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were so um um well well well well well created to guard the Wind Tribe, and there is a a a a a um okay so well Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions unions unions unions unions okay you know like well and associations; they they they they they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The The The The The Wale, Sandhwan, um like uh uh Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Kalan, Kalan, Kalan, Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, I mean uh uh like like like like like Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the the the the the Ruhr area, okay uh uh I mean 15 km south south south south south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 (30 (30 (30 (30 like so well well August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) 1807) 1807) 1807) 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, um um um um um um I mean so but their friendship was tested later later later later later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the at the at the at the at the end end end end end of that season, Williams became okay well so uh a restricted restricted restricted restricted restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of of of of of the regiment moved well uh well um to Dueidar, Dueidar, Dueidar, Dueidar, Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following the following the following the following the following following following following following is a list of famous past students of you know know know know know uh well um Caulfield Grammar School and / / / / / or Malvern Memorial Grammar School well you know so um (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the the the the the Cumberland so okay like so County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, example, example, example, example, all so well I mean so garments were were were were were taken down a size, the you know like I I I I I mean like smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and and and and and well well like uh was held in the the the the the Round House until he so like like you know was was was was was hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy the trophy the trophy the trophy trophy trophy trophy trophy the trophy used to travel to the winning school each each each each each you know okay uh um year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto the Toronto the Toronto the Toronto the Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as one one one one one uh well I mean I mean of Canada's leading leading leading leading leading institutions for graduate theological education so like uh well and the the the the the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and well well well well well like okay okay the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album album album album album well um um I mean featured the song 'I Breathe In, In, In, In, In, I Breathe um like um okay Out', which although never never never never never a single for Kersh I mean you know okay um um um um um himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students students students students students for the you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit I I I I I mean uh um like a wide range of interests, and and and and and classes to help like I mean um like students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North North North North North Korean uh okay so so football defender who played played played played played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is breed is breed is breed is breed breed breed breed breed is a squad - based first - person um um um um um okay you know like shooter, similar to many other sci - fi fi fi fi fi shooters, and uh um you know uh could be be be be be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in in in in in 1997 I mean I mean I mean I mean and and and and and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first first first first first NBA Championship okay like uh like as a head coach, coach, coach, coach, coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and and and and and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee afee afee afee afee simple determinable is is is is is an estate that will end you know um okay okay okay okay okay um automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs occurs occurs occurs occurs and the um well you know okay interest will revert revert revert revert revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, well uh well uh 2015 and on April April April April April 8, 2015, he was outrighted okay uh uh like from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - well I I I I I mean you know like Villa Monte, February 26, 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) 1603) was the oldest daughter of uh uh you know know know know know so Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak national Steak national Steak national Steak national Steak Steak Steak Steak Steak Week is an annual promotion by uh you know know know know know um um Beefeater, aiming to raise awareness of the the the the the steaks available I mean like um uh in the UK and and and and and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or or or or or 17th century um okay um so (cite reference), reference), reference), reference), reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War War War War War of okay so okay like Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed farmed farmed farmed farmed and consumed on okay you know so uh a a a a a large scale in some areas of China, frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare rare rare rare rare and are well so uh uh some of the most most most most most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered at well like um you know the German State Opera, Opera, Opera, Opera, Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids rapids rapids rapids rapids like you know well okay some of with with with with with are the Rapides de Cap um like so uh - - - - - Saint - Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - - - - - turbocharged Nissan well okay um uh Skyline GT GT GT GT GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, uh okay so um with with with with with Richards moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has um uh so so so so so so limited structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile hostile hostile hostile hostile fire: you know you know okay like on 4 October October October October October 1999, a Su - 24 was shot um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of seal of seal of seal of seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so buries the kestrel and goes to to to to to bed. Sonniel is sonniel is sonniel is sonniel is sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, like like like like like I mean okay like such as the armourer, to to to to to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely 'completely 'completely 'completely 'completely de-glamorous' okay um um you know role, because her naturally naturally naturally naturally naturally fair complexion posed a problem okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh to her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby player notable for I mean uh I mean well playing playing playing playing playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or or or or or mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, language, language, language, language, a you know um um I mean branch of of of of of the greater Semitic language family, and uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU HBCU HBCU HBCU HBCU bowl game in um so well I mean the nation nation nation nation nation which features a match - up so so I I I I I mean you know between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for for for for for the like okay well um first time in 1976 1976 1976 1976 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the well well well well well okay well okay nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when when when when when that organization was so so well so formed in in in in in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career well I mean uh uh uh uh uh so marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about you you you you you know okay well I mean 7 % worth $ $ $ $ $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a okay well um um um um um well $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Al Al Al Al okay okay so you know Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, so so so so so okay well so and some services are combined with with with with with those you know um um well of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or or or or or like I mean uh uh POIS, and it was was was was was discovered that this stemmed from an allergy um so so so so so okay you know to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome okay well uh you know where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels blood Angels tap tap tap tap tap into the emotions caused by the death of um like like like like like I mean I mean Sanguinius to give give give give give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this lust however so I mean mean mean mean mean well like can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional um you you you you you know um I mean character from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', 'Friends', 'Friends', 'Friends', 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, well uh you know you know know know know know who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city city city city city so so uh um is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to to to to to okay I mean okay um marry the technician and the the the the the art of the Macchiaioli, also so like you know I I I I I mean devoting to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the I I I I I mean okay um like Street; Mary was introduced for for for for for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one being being being being being um okay you know like an internet band band band band band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Germany, like um I mean you know and the United States, States, States, States, States, though they are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges Colleges Colleges Colleges Colleges and well um um like is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal like okay okay okay okay okay so uh with Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final final final final final phase you know okay I mean like of her her her her her life, she became one of Venice's resident celebrities, quick you you you you you know so I mean like witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat sat sat sat sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons before before before before before um um well so construction began, and the line was was was was was planned instead to terminate okay well you know know know know know okay at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing citing citing citing citing Mangal's continual I mean you know I mean well well well well well alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known also known also known also known also known known known known known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three the three the three the three the three three three three three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and uh I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean Cloch Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre centre centre centre centre of population of the Donegal like okay like well well well well well Gaeltacht and with a population of just I mean mean mean mean mean well um like over 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was amadeus was amadeus was amadeus was amadeus was was was was was formed in 1987 by an alliance between um um you you you you you know I mean Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and and and and and Scandinavian Airlines System. And I mean like so so so so so uh holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in in in in in the late you know uh so you know 19th and and and and and early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism who well well well well well well I mean well believed that the transition to a socialist socialist socialist socialist socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine the magazine the magazine the magazine the the the the the magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee well like like like like like well I mean for the Promotion of International Trade and and and and and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of of of of of Dag Ismail I mean well uh uh Khel and was was was was was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's famed Frontier uh you know know know know know so so Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA PA PA PA PA Route well I mean like like 108/PA Route 168 concurrency concurrency concurrency concurrency concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway is like I I I I I mean um so meant to connect directly the communities in in in in in the like you know so you know north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, president, president, president, president, I mean okay I mean so Samuel Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, to resign in July 1781, McKean so okay um um um um um like was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in in in in in a um I mean you know like cutting, served served served served served by the 'Local' pair of tracks uh um so um um um um um with trains to the city leaving from the north side side side side side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in in in in in I mean uh uh so wich he hosted concerts concerts concerts concerts concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running so so so so so um you know you know an independent brand called 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t okay uh you know so so so so so - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough uh I mean so like of Wandsworth, which has administered administered administered administered administered the commons since 1971 uh like so okay okay okay okay okay when a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the uh uh uh uh uh like okay well age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part part part part part well uh you know um in his first first first first first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an an an an an American okay um okay uh professional ice hockey player currently currently currently currently currently playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 like well okay uh Has The Shows You Know' and also also also also also adopted well um okay well a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during during during during during inspection you know like uh like in 1909 showed showed showed showed showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - like I I I I I mean so you know Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews from um okay well okay film critics but some highly highly highly highly highly praised Pratt and um so uh okay Lawrence's Lawrence's Lawrence's Lawrence's Lawrence's performances, the effects and musical score by like I mean um um um um um you know Thomas Newman and so far it it it it it has grossed $ uh okay well uh 126. 2 million 2million 2million 2million 2million 2million 2million 2million 2million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where um um um um um like like you know she received a bachelor's degree in in in in in Biochemistry; thereafter she you know like you know well got got got got got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on on on on on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the the the the the prime - so well I mean so minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - - - - - 11 February 1809), I mean um like okay son of of of of of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was um like um like like like like like a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last last last last last so well well you know seen and what he was doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, one survivor said you know so like well Wilde Wilde Wilde Wilde Wilde was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to vote vote vote vote vote uh you know you know like during the whole whole whole whole whole week and the winner was decided only by by by by by the you know okay um so public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force consisted consisted consisted consisted consisted so I mean you know so of 45 troop carrier carrier carrier carrier carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop carrier you know okay well like like like like like wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine martine martine martine martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the the the the the development so okay I mean uh of the textile textile textile textile textile industry and created a new type of you know know know know know I mean well I mean deodorant Royalty used to wash wash wash wash wash their hair with rose water, but you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners runners runners runners runners up like well like um in the National National National National National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to uh well you you you you you know so Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester United's Old well you know okay uh Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved um um um um um um okay I mean to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music their music their music their music their music music music music music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for I I I I I mean okay so okay the United States to study study study study study communications and political science at Drexel okay well um um um um um okay University in Philadelphia; she transferred to to to to to Eastern Connecticut State University you know uh um um um um um okay to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, in Israel, in Israel, in Israel, in in in in in Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what they viewed viewed viewed viewed viewed um well you know like as discriminatory divorce laws laws laws laws laws and family court policies, and an appeal uh like you know know know know know uh to the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural I I I I I mean like so you know forces, Holden rejects the the the the the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets um uh uh uh uh uh um so the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming after filming after filming after filming after filming filming filming filming filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; so well um so so so so so he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed they performed they performed they performed they performed in in in in in sixth position on the night well like you know know know know know so and finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, uh uh uh uh uh like um okay giving Ireland its best result in eleven years years years years years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including okay you know know know know know I mean like her grandmother and López herself) herself) herself) herself) herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the well I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in (in (in (in (in like uh so okay North America), when the the the the the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves on I mean so um um um um um like March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on the the the the the well well okay uh application of the Bill of Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights to an infringing statute, so um uh you know know know know know the general opinion was that the Bill of Rights uh uh uh uh uh well well you know could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, the well well well well well like uh well latter was apprised of the same by by by by by their common mother um okay um um Kunti and hence even even even even even though he was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) 1903) 1903) 1903) 1903) kept um you know well okay a private school at at at at at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, um okay I mean like where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, um um um um um I mean you know you know though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that that that that that I mean okay so I mean includes skinning, drying, drying, drying, drying, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as as as as as he uh I mean um so knew Mitch (David (David (David (David (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old I mean um um um um um um well as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David David David David David so uh so okay Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an an an an an English okay I mean uh okay former professional footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who was most recently the caretaker so um you know well well well well well manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released released released released released I mean so uh you know a 45 - - - - - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded you know know know know know um well okay West, which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told told told told told um like well okay her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid paid paid paid paid to okay okay you know like keep the billboard up for for for for for over four years, with well well um um its its its its its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen okay like like like like like uh I mean between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in in in in in 1950 I mean um um so and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town okay well so so so so so like and all of the things he accomplished were were were were were shattered into uh okay uh so pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is uh uh uh uh uh like like um editor - in - chief at The Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Wire, an well so okay I mean editor editor editor editor editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he he he he he is I mean um okay well a founding member member member member member of MtW (Ministering the Word um you know uh so so so so so - Zambia) and also a final year student at at at at at uh so you know like the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most um um um um um um um okay of her energies on music production, but she she she she she is also you know uh well um playing a a a a a weekly residency gig as a member okay like uh uh uh uh uh I mean of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', Oparey', Oparey', Oparey', Oparey', produced like uh so okay by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood actor from Pankaj well you know so okay Kapoor. And And And And And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is is is is is well you know okay uh a highly - selective liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal arts college and one uh um I mean so of of of of of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated situated situated situated situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three um um um um um I mean so I mean European Championships -- helping the the the the the national team finish second like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I mean at Euro 2004 and third at Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro 2000 -- winning like so well like more than than than than than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England England England England England well like so okay with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, establish establish establish establish establish and okay you know you know so maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is is is is is Japanese, um I mean you know so so so so so his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is um um um um um like um like a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has has has has has been performed so okay so uh by the the the the the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), and also released I I I I I mean like okay um his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the the the the the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the you know know know know know I mean okay I mean humid subtropical region region region region region (using the Köppen climate classification system) like um like so so so so so such as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average um you you you you you know okay I mean winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is she is she is she is she she she she she is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar I I I I I mean well uh okay Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as as as as as the uh well um well Communist Party of Malaya Malaya Malaya Malaya Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL so so so so so okay like okay lags behind that of accredited Tennessee schools schools schools schools schools (68 % um you know well so vs. 82 % % % % % in 2005), and several of the larger I mean well well well well well so like firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation of of of of of the so okay okay I mean sun which had briefly briefly briefly briefly briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in okay like like like like like you know uh Philadelphia) is an American stand - - - - - up comedian who performs um well okay you know know know know know regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance in the okay uh uh uh episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led led led led led the station security forces well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage stage stage stage stage so you know like well performance with live singing singing singing singing singing and acting, were written and staged so I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh in Goa, since the time it evolved during well well well well well okay well you know the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - well uh uh uh uh uh okay okay girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up up up up up well like um well in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July in July in July in July in July 1961 one one one one one of Clough's transfer requests was okay like so you you you you you know finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local local local local local rivals you know uh like uh Sunderland for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, um well well well well well you know okay though he was frequently called on to to to to to take part in well well I mean I I I I I mean murders; indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as as as as as he cherished okay like so well the US US US US US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was especially especially especially especially especially um well um I mean influential in the expanding Roman Republic Republic Republic Republic Republic and when it encountered Buddhism led um like okay um to to to to to a greatly increased production of luxury forms of small sculpture, sculpture, sculpture, sculpture, sculpture, um um I mean well including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for for for for for deportation, okay well you know you know although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself lends itself itself itself itself itself well to both big box and small uh so you you you you you know you know roof application because of its hot hot hot hot hot air weldability. This um this um this um um um um um this um this um like I mean so means means means means means if you have copied this then you have uh you know I I I I I mean so a small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his well um um um um um you know um fate as being pushed out of office, office, office, office, office, and you know I mean well uh there has been been been been been talk of Louras not running for I mean uh uh uh uh uh so so Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and you you you you you know um so like the action setpieces are influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh so specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, plus an I mean so okay okay intertidal zone of of of of of a further 16 acres, and has you know you you you you you know so okay a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation vegetation vegetation vegetation vegetation you know I mean um so including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was there was there was there was there was one Briton Briton Briton Briton Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, I mean mean mean mean mean like well like all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars I I I I I mean okay like like in Korea and Jang received her her her her her big break with um you know um uh her her her her her cute image and so as the other young stars so um um um um um so I mean in the cast such as Park Park Park Park Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this in this in this in this in in in in in this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and opens opens opens opens opens so like okay uh up a new area of international international international international international production, which at first I mean well okay okay Hymer started started started started started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial investment wherein the I I I I I mean well okay well main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part part part part part of Memphis, uh okay okay I mean Tennessee and is is is is is roughly bounded by Winchester Road um well I mean mean mean mean mean uh on the north and the Mississippi state line on the the the the the well like well well south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye you you you you you know I mean I mean uh injury following an incident incident incident incident incident with a BB gun; he I mean you know know know know know um uh would later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' Already' Already' Already' Already' you know you know um uh and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the the the the the European so um I mean um Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants of the Penza so okay you know uh Governorate, Governorate, Governorate, Governorate, Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in several companies as so so so so so like um uh a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 in you know well um I mean Santos, Brazil) is until until until until until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel david Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, like like like like like okay um you know Twickenham, England) has been Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor of Mediterranean History at well so well you you you you you know the University of Cambridge since 2000 and a a a a a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Alzheimer's Alzheimer's well uh um like disease, and and and and and died three years later of complications from the uh um um um um um um you know disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one of of of of of um like okay okay the historically notable buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, like uh so well well well well well and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, you know okay okay okay okay okay so like 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Park Park Park Park Stadium in nearby okay okay I mean well well well well well Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all home games games games games games okay uh um like rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting okay well well well well well I mean well domestic video signals wirelessly from one one one one one room to another, as okay like uh um for for for for for example sending the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan though Hogan though Hogan though Hogan Hogan Hogan Hogan Hogan though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to to to to to Bello, well you know well well Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to to to to to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but but but but but Santa you know well well so soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey john Rubey john Rubey john Rubey john Rubey Rubey Rubey Rubey Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and um so um um um um um um was previously President of AEG - TV and and and and and like uh um okay Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile I I I I I mean okay I mean um media, a division of VeriSign, VeriSign, VeriSign, VeriSign, VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management of well well well well well like you know like the Bloomsbury Health Authority and and and and and in 2002 it joined University like I mean I I I I I mean uh College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, uh uh uh uh uh okay like I mean and in 1885 he painted painted painted painted painted three canvases depicting I mean uh uh uh the the the the the local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an an an an an you know I mean uh well English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that you you you you you know so like uh ethnic nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional I mean like so like like like like like patriotism is a common project shared amongst all citizens citizens citizens citizens citizens I mean well uh you know which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest I I I I I mean like okay like from communities and organizations throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the country, and in uh uh like like 1994 1994 1994 1994 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at Christian uh okay okay okay okay okay like uh Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has mir has mir has mir has mir has has has has has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the the the the the realm of like you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 well okay um like and did the tenth birthday of the show show show show show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and and and and and I mean so so so November, students are are are are are informed of their results in you know you you you you you know so so the following March, and those those those those those who receive offers decide by the middle well well well well well um uh like of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer like like like like like uh so you know best known for 14 crime novels novels novels novels novels featuring the highly popular you know um like well Detective Detective Detective Detective Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than what money um um um um um you know you know well has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at beccles beccles beccles beccles beccles you know okay I mean so tesco under the identity of of of of of Dave Harris humanoid race I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the state state state state state like like uh um - Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus is well I I I I I mean I mean so situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role the role the role the role role role role role the role of Polly the Pistol was written with with with with with Marilyn Monroe well well I mean you know in in in in in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his his his his his seat as like so well so a peer (twenty - five five five five five being the necessary age), like like you know well but but but but but he retained other rights, and this, combined with his so so so so so so you know like literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) Sarajevo) Sarajevo) Sarajevo) Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 okay uh uh uh uh uh so well inaugurated the existing schools in its public public public public public education system, most okay um you know well of which which which which which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and and and and and you know um okay I mean has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland before before before before before his vessel I mean um okay um capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live the Live the Live the Live the Live Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act well um okay like Award was was was was was collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the like uh uh uh uh uh like uh Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the the the the the event) which I mean uh so okay was was was was was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer computer computer computer computer well I mean uh like programmer before becoming internationally internationally internationally internationally internationally known for his okay um like uh work with with with with with WikiLeaks and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his bag bag bag bag bag down, uh I mean uh you know he refused refused refused refused refused and approached the federal air marshals in an well well well well well well um you know aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a a a a a green shirt um okay like um that has her her her her her symbol on it and exposes her lower well um uh so so so so so belly and navel, with her hair back. She rarely she she she she she rarely she rarely she rarely she rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks you know know know know know I mean like I mean interacting with each other and and and and and their environment, as well um well so uh two two two two two pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a uh well well well well well uh okay visual representation of the leap in processing processing processing processing processing abilities from so um I mean I mean the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident the incident the incident the incident the incident incident incident incident incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against the like um you you you you you know I mean religious discrimination of the Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Catholic - dominated Diem I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean well regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and and and and and widespread large I mean uh like you know - scale scale scale scale scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has rousso has rousso has rousso has rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn turn turn turn turn months later um I mean okay um after appearing in in in in in a television series as the extramarital interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with with with with with research okay uh well um focusing on communications between cells cells cells cells cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean are maintained by Dantak, a unit unit unit unit unit of Border Roads I mean well so well Organisation engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering division of Indian Army and in the like I I I I I mean I mean okay rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the well like like like like like like so channel without the complications of variable length live live live live live news okay okay uh so broadcasts, prior to the launch launch launch launch launch of ABC News 24, um I mean you you you you you know like ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban you know I I I I I mean uh like bodyguards and also has a group group group group group of gangsters who okay well uh like work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 you know okay okay okay okay okay so okay Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting of um so so so five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for for for for for services I mean I mean like okay but is is is is is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a a a a a um uh like I mean counterpart to Tōdai - - - - - ji and it is the so uh you know know know know know I mean main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect sect sect sect sect of Buddhism um I mean well like after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records records records records records okay so you know so for season strikeouts and strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout ratio, in addition she also you know so well well well well well um achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a a a a a so okay so uh formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with with with with with other ingredients will be completely I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay um converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little alittle alittle alittle alittle known fact about Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Mitchell is that uh well so okay okay okay okay okay he recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' you know so so so so so so well Baby Your'e a Rich Man' from the 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 album okay so um so Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Daryl Daryl Daryl Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff like um so you you you you you know Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are are are are are um um um well generally without aroma or only only only only only the slightest trace of you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, well um um um um um okay like not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient deficient deficient deficient deficient so I mean you know I mean in their proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college uh uh uh uh uh well um uh common room; he leads his friends and and and and and the students well so you know so restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who who who who who served in the you know um you know like Far Far Far Far Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach like like like like like well like um the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, Calilan, who return to his like well uh so position position position position position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs Hotdogs Hotdogs Hotdogs Hotdogs uh you know so um during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron and so um well uh frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all all all all all reactive functional groups um okay you know so and two functional functional functional functional functional groups in which the reaction okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay occurs between building blocks in the solution and and and and and on um um like uh the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the nurse well well well well well like like you know who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in in in in in so okay well uh Hawaii and known for big wave wave wave wave wave surfing during you know like okay well the winter season and and and and and home to the okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World World World World World Cup of uh um I mean well Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was was was was was featured well like I mean okay in the debut debut debut debut debut episode of the television series, is featured featured featured featured featured I mean um so well in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient well well well well well like um well unit for individuals with moderate neurosis neurosis neurosis neurosis neurosis to severe psychosis where uh um you know like she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a so so so so so well you know well lost dollar bill, he becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances well I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four four four four four like like um okay sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian manaseh Papazian manaseh Papazian manaseh manaseh manaseh manaseh manaseh Papazian manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared uh uh uh uh uh um like uh his Law examination. At the age age age age age of twenty one I mean okay well um years, years, years, years, years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion like uh okay I mean designer, graphic designer, and and and and and business executive, best known uh so you know like for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project project project project project on a okay I mean well like large large large large large scale, which can be both good and you you you you you know uh like uh bad, because of the large contributions contributions contributions contributions contributions by the public, okay um okay I mean Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' 'aronia' um like I mean I mean ) are known known known known known as 'zalzalak' and are um well so so eaten raw as as as as as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 okay okay okay okay okay so like like check to repay the company, forcing Smithers Smithers Smithers Smithers Smithers to fire so okay you know okay him instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name um um um um um like well you know with probably less than 300 300 300 300 300 families around the like well like um globe globe globe globe globe. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as as as as as Regent, I mean I mean um okay and installed installed installed installed installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was like like like like like so um you know sent up shortly after the accident accident accident accident accident to okay I mean I mean um search for for for for for the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know accident area, and many other aircraft that that that that that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and and and and and blue eyes. Darken like so um I mean Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, Panis well well well well well well uh I mean Rahl because he had found out out out out out that his father uh well like so was going to to to to to kill him because of his evilness uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives it derives it derives it derives it derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the the the the the okay I mean you know okay Solar System, including including including including including the solar wind, and especially the I mean like um um um um um you know space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the the the the the near - um uh okay uh Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, K, K, K, K, killed I mean so well so by Boris Boris Boris Boris Boris in 1969, and tells J that his his his his his so so like uh chocolate milk craving and headaches headaches headaches headaches headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son son son son son I mean well you know so Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University the University the University the University the the the the the University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di you know you you you you you know uh you know Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Friûl', Friûl', Friûl', Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD like okay well okay ) ) ) ) ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay this bay this bay this bay this this this this this bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by Thomas okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um Darley in 1704 and shipped shipped shipped shipped shipped back to Aldby Park in I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay I mean England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to to to to to Fort um well so like Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility the facility the facility the facility the the the the the facility has a seating capacity of 40, okay you you you you you know okay like 000 spectators, and it is one one one one one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field occasional field occasional field occasional field occasional field camps camps camps camps camps support research in remote I mean so well you know know know know know areas of the Island, such as the Camp Academia site you you you you you know I mean you know so situated at elevation 541 541 541 541 541 m in upper Huron okay I mean um like like like like like Glacier, Wörner Gap area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a a a a a so I mean okay uh group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played petri played petri played petri played petri played played played played played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a a a a a well I mean um I mean teenager and studied studied studied studied studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference okay well like so in Halifax Canada and has received received received received received many other pulp okay well uh like and paper Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of one of one of one of of of of of one of only two actors to audition, he was was was was was cast so like I mean um as Chekov almost almost almost almost almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance to you know uh uh uh uh uh okay well British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; Monkees; like um well you know show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean um US counties with a county county county county county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and and and and and well I mean you know you know Iroquois homelands, destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major so okay you know um Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a uh uh uh uh uh well like okay French historian of religion, best known known known known known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in set in set in set in set in in in in in the late 800's, when what is uh I mean you you you you you know okay known as England today was was was was was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton so okay okay okay okay okay like so and Jim Gordon, originally released by their their their their their blues rock well I mean so so band Derek and the the the the the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - I I I I I mean like well I mean 105 on March March March March March 18, with their import Paul McCracken well well so uh uh uh uh uh scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 10 10 10 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly rather similar so uh so I mean in structure, but have different different different different different letter shapes, so ISCII um well well so encodes encodes encodes encodes encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his his his his his father like uh so like died in 1723, subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, the so okay you you you you you know okay widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, women, women, women, women, covering a like like like I mean varied array of of of of of female forms and expressing many different emotions I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, you know so you know so and won by The The The The The United States, though it and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development development development development development I mean uh so uh of the Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it um like like like like like so um does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on so okay okay okay okay okay well okay stage after a curtain lifts to perform the the the the the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed prescribed prescribed prescribed prescribed you know you know I mean like an exercise regimen, he he he he he returned to the team, becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as as as as as you know uh I mean like a form form form form form of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: like you know I I I I I mean you know as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter alter alter alter alter okay uh I mean I mean the track and require require require require require quick reactions to get I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean on the right course, while Simulation racing games might include okay uh uh uh uh uh like I mean tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Code Code Code Code Noir, well you know um um although the the the the the Code was not established until 1685, the Code well well well well well like uh okay Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co. He was was was was was uh like like like a founder in 1831 of of of of of the Bank of Liverpool, with okay I mean mean mean mean mean well okay George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( constance ( constance ( constance ( constance ( ( ( ( ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; born so so so so so I mean you know um 1933) is an American American American American American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1936 1936 1936 1936 1936 ) I mean I mean like like Is a Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese classical composer and also composes for anime, I mean I I I I I mean so like he is mostly known in in in in in the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was it was it was it was it was was was was was further speculated that she had been drinking prior uh so um um um um um um to the accident, however, according to to to to to Johannesburg metro spokesperson um um you know you know know know know know Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a a a a a B. 2 okay uh well okay with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the actions actions actions actions actions taken okay you know I mean like by the ego, unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser is the highest highest highest highest highest you know well well okay peak on the Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Range (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture the sculpture the sculpture the sculpture the sculpture was was was was was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in 1974; like like like like like um uh I mean construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting members so okay okay okay okay okay well okay into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in in in in in I mean well so uh the western portion, much much much much much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to to to to to the you know uh so well territorial extent of Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, following the decision taken at um well um so the Teheran Teheran Teheran Teheran Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended I mean like like like like like okay I mean Fresno Junior College, where he was was was was was recruited by um I mean well uh several high high high high high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 so so so so so I mean okay well and this has has has has has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head like like like like like okay okay well coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in the summer of 1941, forces of Free France France France France France and um okay so well Vichy France were fighting over Syria; Syria; Syria; Syria; Syria; one of Vichy you know so well um France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the the the the the uh well you know I mean 'Peace and and and and and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, uh I mean mean mean mean mean like you know organized a local vigilante group, group, group, group, group, and decreed that blacks within um you know like so so so so so the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began began began began began his career at League um you know like so Two club club club club club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain chain chain chain chain of uh um uh you know snack shops in in in in in South Wales and is a keen uh well okay okay okay okay okay so singer / songwriter, in 2005 he won won won won won a Karaoke contest I mean I mean like well at at at at at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for well you know know know know know uh you know the safe voyage of Virgil to Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, which suggests the I mean uh um so daring of the earliest earliest earliest earliest earliest mariners, and the boldness of men uh um so uh uh uh uh uh in overcoming difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and racial, and racial, and racial, and racial, and later, later, later, later, later, sexual politics were important matters of I mean like like like like like I mean um social debate at the time, leading the the the the the New Left to uh like like well use sex sex sex sex sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as as as as as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is is is is is um so uh you know the only Australian racing racing racing racing racing driver to win Australia's two most well okay um okay prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently used used used used used constraint I mean so you know okay - based model model model model model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) was a okay like I mean you know church historian, historian, historian, historian, historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered so so so so so uh uh I mean his political articles, but believed believed believed believed believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay a previous attempt at divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce in 1692 had failed okay well um um when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre uh uh uh uh uh well well you know de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, he obtained well um I mean well his first job job job job job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch I I I I I mean I mean okay well region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is is is is is a complex uh uh you know okay consisting of two two two two two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball I mean um um um um um so like stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing uh well well well well well um you know a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who um um um um um well you know uh have come out, still praising praising praising praising praising them for their bravery, instead uh okay you know know know know know okay he acknowledges how coming out may not always be be be be be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, ungulates, ungulates, ungulates, ungulates, though like like like well they are opportunistic feeders, and and and and and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the the the the the like um so like Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from from from from from its establishment as the capital okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh in the late 8th century until until until until until the rise okay uh I mean um of the Shogunate in in in in in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste the taste the taste the taste the taste taste taste taste taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained uh well well well well well so like singers, and the use of spectacle as as as as as a replacement like well um uh for dramatic purity and and and and and love on the Opera '(1755) proved so you know well well well well well well to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in okay okay okay okay okay um um okay Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about about about about about well um uh I mean him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls owls owls owls owls and snakes, and you know um you know I mean forest forest forest forest forest clearance may lead to local habitat loss, but this is is is is is well so like so a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was strong was strong was strong was strong was was was was was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, like like like like like like so I mean Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office but but but but but well like like so with a change in routine routine routine routine routine - instead of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, I I I I I mean um um like and ski jumping, and after the Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics will remain a uh like okay okay public public public public public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely I I I I I mean so um okay pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly Priestly Priestly Priestly Priestly family was split so you know like uh by by by by by rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and so uh uh uh uh uh like okay Palestrina, Corvi moved on to Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome to work under you know well um okay Francesco Francesco Francesco Francesco Francesco Mancini, working in a Roman milieu where late um um um um um you know um like - Rococo of Pompeo Pompeo Pompeo Pompeo Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism I mean uh you know well well well well well of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is is is is is known as okay well uh um Apparition, and is is is is is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as I I I I I mean you know uh so it adopted Ford's blue blue blue blue blue oval emblem, taking the place of like I mean mean mean mean mean I mean well 'F - O - R - D' D' D' D' D' lettering on the hood, you know okay like okay and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Jones worked with uh okay um um many musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians who were great talents in their own right, you know know know know know well um you know including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Singer, Singer, Singer, Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable patentable patentable patentable patentable subject uh like you know okay matter requirement and inventive step step step step step under the European Patent Convention um like um um um um um well (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability patentability patentability patentability patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) david (Gruber) david (Gruber) david (Gruber) david david david david david (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film okay so well well well well well well actor and comedian, who has been credited in many many many many many movies and well well um so television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of of of of of the well you know you know like United States Navy and and and and and Royal Navy on June 25, like um um well 1944 1944 1944 1944 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial you know you you you you you know uh I mean essay by Richard Dawkins Dawkins Dawkins Dawkins Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy analogy analogy analogy analogy I mean well uh well with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, I mean mean mean mean mean like you know um yet still managed to give give give give give the order to submerge, in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay Canada, however, as the prosecution has powers to to to to to appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and and and and and Dan Pelson, okay so I mean you know Word Word Word Word Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, America, America, America, America, so um um so and Australia; the European grid consists consists consists consists consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer I mean well well well Maggi and on August 8 8 8 8 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington uh you know I mean so claimed Elioak as as as as as home while they served in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this if this if this if this if this this this this this congruence is true, then 'n' is a I mean well well well well well you know you know Lucas probable prime, so it is is is is is either prime or it I mean you know know know know know uh um is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of the the the the the well so you know um bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was well well well well well well you know um the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and and and and and um well uh like Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so opt for a more more more more more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The um well uh okay okay okay okay okay Stanford Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same that same that same that same that same year year year year year Chesimard changed her name to okay okay well you know Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to to to to to mean 'she okay uh like like who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the the the the the I mean I mean well uh outer south - - - - - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in in in in in uh so like I mean May 1996 by Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, class, class, class, class, um okay okay um he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago Bago Bago Bago Bago City, Negros well uh I mean uh Occidental) is is is is is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed um like like like like like um uh in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health so so so so so I mean uh I mean care providers are captured, providing providing providing providing providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in unfairness in unfairness in unfairness in in in in in unfairness in those who receive enhancements um uh um um um um um um and those who do not is a cause for for for for for I mean like you know you know concern, although although although although although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge designs, in uh uh uh uh particular, the design design design design design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which has been designated designated designated designated designated okay um well like as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants subscript consonants subscript consonants subscript consonants consonants consonants consonants consonants subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; consonants; consonants; consonants; consonants; this I mean you know uh uh method of writing writing writing writing writing has is no longer used in you know well well well well well so like modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though um um um um um uh I mean okay updated catalysts and foaming technology technology technology technology technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a a a a a okay um well uh message concerning a warning by the the the the the Vala Ulmo to the Elves you know uh like like like like like so of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de marques de marques de marques de marques marques marques marques marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed um like well I I I I I mean for Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the central central central central central government uh well okay so was unable to render much much much much much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she when she when she when she when she she she she she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's like so so so so so uh you know (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous jealous jealous jealous jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, um uh um well she throws throws throws throws throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those of those of those of those of those those those those those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains okay okay like like like like like well use the Up and Down main lines, lines, lines, lines, lines, the Down like I mean well well loop being reversible, which which which which which allows Up services to depart from okay like okay well the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his so so so so so uh okay well allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed menzies' seed menzies' seed menzies' seed seed seed seed seed menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in in in in in you know well I mean well 1793, but his plant plant plant plant plant material remained with him for the I mean um um um um um um okay duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that believing that believing that believing that believing believing believing believing believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes takes takes takes takes well okay like well his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him him him him him um um so like to the hospital, where a a a a a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is you know know know know know so uh well an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic slogans uh I mean I mean okay outside of national broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises premises premises premises premises via so so um so the gates under the the the the the Troitksaya tower, except for those who I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean wish to visit the Armoury chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next the next the next the next the next day day day day day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to to to to to come as okay um I mean well his guest at the Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton mathematics department because Fox well okay so so had been been been been been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for for for for for you know so uh um pulling together the New Deal Deal Deal Deal Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone and I mean well you know like iPod touch, touch, touch, touch, touch, released in December 2011, tells the uh you know know know know know um like story of the making of Bandolier in in in in in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use use use use use and I mean I mean uh so production became became became became became sourced to several manufactures to meet the defense needs needs needs needs needs okay like so like on several aircraft after after after after after the unacceptability of both locally and so so so so so so so um remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was was was was was established in 1920, well uh you know well it it it it it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League League League League League since well like so so its inauguration in 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, 1982, so instead of direct entry to like like like like the the the the the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to so uh you you you you you know so qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and and and and and short, like well okay uh mild winters and and and and and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation the the the the the PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is um like um um um um um uh a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites internet sites internet sites internet sites internet internet internet internet internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are are are are are okay I mean uh you know more prone to to to to to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or um like uh um familial familial familial familial familial Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that well okay okay okay okay okay uh okay neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, like um you know like Twitter and Instagram, with social - - - - - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give 'Give 'Give 'Give 'Give Me Some like okay um like Starlight' the title title title title title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at like like like like like okay I mean I mean Wentworth by one stroke he he he he he carded a -6 66 I mean well like um um um um um final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University University University University University okay well well well of Sydney; living very simply simply simply simply simply and it has been recorded I mean um you you you you you know I mean that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually so I mean mean mean mean mean um okay also the Abbot, and after death death death death death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term the term the term the term the term has has has has has been used throughout history to refer like um okay okay okay okay okay okay to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law law law law law okay okay uh well and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom the Freedom the Freedom the Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom the Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by by by by by local you know uh I mean um journalist William Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield who was promoting the idea okay you know know know know know I mean like of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by the the the the the uh okay okay um Heart of the Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth survival school, associated with the American Indian Movement, who well well well well well well like I mean floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was batista was batista was batista was batista was then then then then then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield well so okay I I I I I mean (JBL), who appeared up on the TitanTron and and and and and uh I mean okay I mean told Batista that if if if if if he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' so uh well well well well well um and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, the the the the the I mean I mean um okay others are 'Ascent of of of of of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was rupert was rupert was rupert was was was was was rupert was reunited with the legendary British film film film film film director uh um okay I mean in 1993, changing changing changing changing changing his surname to Russell in 1994 okay well um um um um um like before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March in March in March in March in in in in in March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an well well well well well so I mean well ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in in in in in uh um uh so Elba Victor accompanied the the the the the king to Ghent, and on the well okay you you you you you know you know second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest arrest arrest arrest arrest Palpatine, I mean like so I mean but he is is is is is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting 2005, it um so I mean like was was was was was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 fairman's 2006 fairman's 2006 fairman's 2006 fairman's 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' so you know know know know know okay I mean and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business Business Business Business Business School uh you know I mean um in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is um uh uh uh uh uh um you know staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' I I I I I mean so you know uh (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was was was was was in 1912, when well you know like you know three three three three three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town of like uh you you you you you know like Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her well well well well well okay I mean you know no good for wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will okay okay well I I I I I mean find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development development development development development of like um you know okay vocabulary and language language language language language skills, lower - status groups tend to be be be be be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of okay uh uh uh uh uh well okay the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result result result result result of uh so uh I mean the merger that created created created created created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath well well well well well well so like High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house house house house house - The White you know uh so okay Swan Swan Swan Swan Swan - as well as a well well like well well well well well post office, 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years years years years years like you know I mean so of construction, cost cost cost cost cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies a you you you you you know well um I mean footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to you you you you you know okay okay okay command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior under prior under prior under prior prior prior prior prior under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands lands lands lands lands on the so I mean um I mean planetoid and and and and and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator I mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt is is is is is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and like I I I I I mean um well features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to like you know I mean mean mean mean mean so various suburban master planned communities that include extensive recreational recreational recreational recreational recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in in in in in well um okay well the installation department from March 1948 to to to to to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L L L L L. Johnston was okay okay you know you know the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and and and and and like so uh um subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the the the the the 1980's you know well so um in music magazine polls and and and and and television programmes, especially in um um um I I I I I mean Kenya where an entire tribe in the village of of of of of okay okay I mean like Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well becoming like who he who saught to stop he he he he he lowers uh you know uh I mean his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many many many many many maintain so um I mean um that it was a device created created created created created out of tradition like I mean like okay and need need need need need. , 'hammock' comes from the you know you know like like like like like I mean word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she was was was was was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, to I I I I I mean um well uh Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Albany like um okay okay (son of of of of of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into uh okay okay okay okay okay you know well a beehive of activity with scores scores scores scores scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany ( ( ( ( ( okay uh uh you know now Wroclaw, Poland); died August August August August August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam okay you know uh um ) ) ) ) ) was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary so so so so so okay I mean you know street circuit in downtown Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs okay uh like like like like like I mean around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, right well like well well turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts the conflicts the conflicts the the the the the conflicts the conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real real real real real so I mean okay I mean conflicts in real countries, countries, countries, countries, countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as as as as as the Chief I mean um like so of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has has has has has trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within so so so so so uh um like small pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing fencing fencing fencing fencing that is uh like so um easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern okay uh uh so California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very very very very very unusual and uh like uh you know unique feature, feature, feature, feature, feature, a stream running along either side of Fore um um um um um like well okay Street, one of which eventually flows into into into into into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 well well well well well well so like '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and and and and and he was wearing so um um okay a leather leather leather leather leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from from from from from uh I mean well uh the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with uh uh uh uh uh um like uh her parents, older brother and younger younger younger younger younger sister okay so so okay to Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended he attended he attended he attended he attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' dates um I mean I mean okay back to 1831 1831 1831 1831 1831 and is believed to have originated uh okay okay okay okay okay um so because the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 uh uh uh uh uh you know well like men, led by an officer, would would would would would roam the I mean like you know like streets looking looking looking looking looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service service service service service from the I mean you know so so 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms of passenger like like like like like okay you know okay rail operations, with the last regular regular regular regular regular train they worked being well so well okay the the the the the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical uh you you you you you know um I mean views of British society (2, 3), 3), 3), 3), 3), and although 'Amy's View' um um I mean uh is is is is is certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI during WWI during WWI during WWI during during during during during WWI he was appointed Director General of Military like I I I I I mean uh uh Railways and in that capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity had charge of the uh well so okay organization organization organization organization organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a well well well well well so I mean well god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of you know know know know know like like I mean the multimedia revolution in the San San San San San Francisco Bay uh um so so Area, where where where where where the traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know you know the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and well well well well well okay okay um influential activists as well as by the artistic artistic artistic artistic artistic and political well you know okay um sphere, and and and and and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated like um you know know know know know uh to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 on 16 on 16 on 16 on on on on on 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um Naval Review of 160 warships at at at at at Spithead in celebration of like like I mean you you you you you know the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 well well well well well like well uh she was stationed at Alexandria due to to to to to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in in in in in well um um I mean Picardie 'région' (France); it it it it it takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 270 270 270 270 billion RMB (around uh so you know you know 40 40 40 40 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she uh uh uh uh uh well you know um called protectionism and autarky far far far far far superior compared to free trade I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went went went went went on to co-host the show until her uh you know know know know know okay like departure from STV on 15 May 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, shortly before so I mean well um the programme programme programme programme programme is due to be axed and replaced um so I I I I I mean like by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the most most most most most generous you know you know well I mean afforded by by by by by the United States to a Native group, and so so so so so like like uh point out that some of the the the the the largest and most I mean well well uh profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included you know know know know know well uh uh the hotel in its Historic Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels Hotels of America program and so uh like um the the the the the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device device device device device and like um I mean like purchase directly directly directly directly directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she um um um um um okay I mean um was known to be present at at at at at her husband's investment ceremony at um like um um um um um so Westminster Hall and may have been called called called called called 'protectress', though um well I mean so it appears appears appears appears appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Steven Steven Steven Steven you know so you know um Brill's 'The American Lawyer', Lawyer', Lawyer', Lawyer', Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed uh okay okay okay okay okay um I mean that at least the 14 men mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned in the okay I mean um you know parish registers registers registers registers registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots well you you you you you know um okay to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active airports airports airports airports airports operated by I mean so uh um the Rhode Island Island Island Island Island Airport Corporation, the other five being um um um um um okay um like T. F. Green State Airport, North North North North North Central State Airport, like um um like Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to um uh uh uh uh uh well um escape using a different DST, placed in in in in in a remote location, much so well uh like of of of of of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE well well well well well okay like okay - Italy mobile company, and and and and and has appeared in many commercials you know so so so so so uh um with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became became became became became uh um you know okay the image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, um um um um um so um like Ma - Ti's power is is is is is considered by some to be the like well like you you you you you know most important, for it keeps the Planeteers together together together together together and okay I mean so um helps them to to to to to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe um um um um um uh like like Chù', is derived from the Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, you know like well I I I I I mean the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the in the in the in the in the 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in like well okay okay okay okay okay I mean the 59th minute of their match against England England England England England in the group okay uh like okay stages to give give give give give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, you know know know know know you know you know I mean the population decreased decreased decreased decreased decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach like like like like like okay so I mean its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the the the the the GCL in so you know um well doubles (20) and and and and and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted I mean uh uh uh uh uh so uh a 5x5 game with five doubles, three three three three three like um I mean I mean runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 200 200 200 200 metres well you know so I mean (1 mile mile mile mile mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to 1, 600 metres you you you you you know um so okay in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew River River River River River well I mean uh well that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate like um um um um um um uh Ceberano singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the World Cup), the well so like um Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New New New New New you know so like um Haven in the 1970s and and and and and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered well so I mean okay okay okay okay okay along, foundered and was revived numerous times during the the the the the 1970s I mean okay um like and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district district district district district represented in the like like um uh Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value like like like like like like uh I mean may be replaced with a single single single single single empty group like you know you know okay using two two two two two consecutive colons (: : ), but the so uh uh uh uh uh uh um substitution may only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is is is is is situated at the uh so so you know confluence confluence confluence confluence confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately halfways okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 30 30 30 30 kilometers from both I mean like so I mean Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, you know know know know know well okay so as commander of division of dragoons, he he he he he participated in the like well okay you know Battle of of of of of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, well well I I I I I mean I mean and six weeks later, the the the the the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at at at at at Mackay Stadium you know I mean well uh in Reno on on on on on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf um you know so so so so so uh Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams so you know know know know know uh well did not compete for the cannon until until until until until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 40 40 40 40 Commando well like um like Raiders was deployed deployed deployed deployed deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought thought thought thought thought that as okay I mean uh like dust on Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and well well well well well I mean like well has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer Singer Singer Singer Singer um well so well Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the the the the the band has seen many uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth helen Elizabeth helen Elizabeth helen Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like at the Department of Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at so okay I mean uh the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / / / / / well like I mean uh honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both both both both both of well like um you know which are former former former former former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at facilities at facilities at facilities at at at at at facilities at the school include a suite okay you know know know know know uh okay of teaching and research laboratories dedicated to to to to to soil, water and so you know um um um um um I mean pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation uh I mean uh I mean Union (MBICU) was responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst uh uh uh uh uh uh um so the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following following following following following economic liberalisation they I mean like well I I I I I mean filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling the schooling the schooling the schooling the schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a um like um um um um um uh marine fish native to areas near Africa, that is is is is is sometimes traded, so uh you know okay in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late late late late late like uh um uh 1980s by Stephen Morley, under under under under under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit credit credit credit credit counseling agencies; today, okay like uh I I I I I mean there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long long long long long I mean okay so well - running 'The Legend of of of of of Heroes', and a direct sequel to I mean like um um um um um so the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), ), ), ), ), I mean well so okay also known as the Jamaican Parakeet Parakeet Parakeet Parakeet Parakeet and Aztec um I mean I mean I I I I I mean Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with with with with with assistance okay so so like from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the in the in the in the the the the the in the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the Earth's Earth's Earth's Earth's Earth's well um so okay Last Days is the 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd prequel novel in the Left Behind okay I mean mean mean mean mean well you know series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source Source Source Source Source okay I mean I mean um of Computational Computational Computational Computational Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, I mean so uh like Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star Star Star Star Star after the death like uh you know okay of of of of of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 okay well well like to 1991 at at at at at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a special - like like like like like well you know so purpose map made to show geological the the the the the strata are extremely well so well well fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he he he he he worked on so uh well I mean newer versions versions versions versions versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage the marriage the marriage the marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage the marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived lived lived lived lived well well uh well more or less separate separate separate separate separate lives, and the couple I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay separated completely after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot okay well well well well well well uh returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the the the the the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household Household Household Household Household finances; so uh you know okay by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings his paintings his paintings his paintings his his his his his paintings are in many private and several public collections, well well well well well okay like uh among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic Passaic Passaic Passaic Passaic County Community like well well you know College Permanent Collection of of of of of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are so so so so so you know uh well at al - Kum designated by by by by by the Ministry of Health as so okay you you you you you know so level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay voice, he was known as 'The Violin', He He He He He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - known known known known known I mean so well like was 'Land Under Under Under Under Under England', a science - fiction account of um okay okay okay okay okay uh like a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind mind mind mind mind control, cited by um I mean uh so Karl Edward Wagner Wagner Wagner Wagner Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while like like like like like you know like okay the European Accord saloon continued until until until until until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, from here, from here, from here, from here, Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours um you know know know know know um I mean of video footage of criminals, studying studying studying studying studying how criminals interacted, he learned to well um well well well well well okay pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary like um um um um um um okay research interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social social social social social justice research, I mean I mean I mean um um um um um yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was first elected to the House of so so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean Representatives in 1976, and prior to his election election election election election as Speaker so well okay uh served in other other other other other positions in the Democratic Caucus like uh you know well well well well well such as chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball coach like so so like that currently serves as head head head head head coach of CSKA uh okay okay okay Moscow in Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially initially initially initially initially like I mean like um serving in route 68X (Yuen (Yuen (Yuen (Yuen (Yuen Long ( like okay like uh East) - Jordan Wui Cheung Road ), ), ), ), ), but it uh uh um well is now now now now now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely (namely (namely (namely (namely its degree okay uh okay okay of tameness in in in in in comparison) and was competing for I mean uh I I I I I mean you know the same territory, it has has has has has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the in the in the in the in the second second second second second week of October 2012 about 42, 500 journeys were were were were were um uh okay uh made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop pop pop pop pop uh like you know um band 'Mabel', who recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of I mean so so so so so um I mean 1775, and Salvador pressed for its its its its its members to instruct okay uh I mean you know know know know know the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the the the the the Cocteau okay okay well so Twins who runs runs runs runs runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's music you know know know know know like so I mean and as a a a a a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of those those those those those well you know like uh will be home games, they they they they they will also be hosting uh well well you know know know know know a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, Andre like so okay uh Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that that that that that took Sioux so okay uh uh Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist physicist physicist physicist physicist and well uh you know uh a Banting Postdoctoral Postdoctoral Postdoctoral Postdoctoral Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute you know um like like like like like okay for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a okay okay okay okay okay like um well year later, in a 0 - - - - - 1 so you know like well away defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat against Santos on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted uh well well well well well I mean so the song when talking to an audience with with with with with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the pipe okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um to which the washer is connected connected connected connected connected than that source uh uh well you know can provide: the the the the the water supply must be adequate for the machine okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married torey married torey married torey married torey married married married married married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve like so I I I I I mean I mean years, the fort of Torey was was was was was named ELLENA in well uh I mean uh Kimanis but but but but but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, 1265, 1265, 1265, 1265, but so um so so it was during Ghazan Khan Khan Khan Khan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by by by by by scholars such as okay like uh I mean Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands in in in in in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the you you you you you know like well like basilar artery at the the the the the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to well well well well well well well well produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne Boyd um so so so so so well uh and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, 1918, and so uh you know well in 1926 the the the the the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged fledged fledged fledged fledged member of um um so you know the Indian classical music music music music music family', with its roots well uh okay okay as a a a a a folk instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by by by by by late rapper you know um uh okay Eazy - E, from from from from from his album of the same name, like um well like like like like like 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was released released released released released in well you know you know okay 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh towers' ) is a name that the Greeks of of of of of you know so you know you know the Euxine Euxine Euxine Euxine Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the like like like like like so so um 1960's as a means to pool resources resources resources resources resources and share facilities, instructors, I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean I mean and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August I I I I I mean like um like 2015) was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre the theatre the theatre the theatre the theatre theatre theatre theatre theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) with with with with with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico puerto Rico puerto Rico puerto Rico puerto puerto puerto puerto puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature you you you you you know um you know I mean every year to outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding young writers, and has named like um so uh a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series series series series series well well um uh of commercial and critical failures, such such such such such as', 'Love uh okay well uh Story 2050' and 'Drona', 'Drona', 'Drona', 'Drona', 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West West West West West so uh well like Indies cricket season, Powell withdrew from from from from from Jamaica's squad for uh well um like 'personal reasons'; he he he he he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the after the after the after after after after after the after the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a a a a a third trial to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by by by by by the storm, the I mean like you know I I I I I mean name was not retired and was re-used during the the the the the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the so so so so so okay okay I mean landing at Gallipoli, and fought fought fought fought fought at the Western I mean you know uh um um um um um Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while while while while while well like uh well polling of individual constituencies and and and and and groups of them (such as Scotland, I mean uh you know know know know know you know or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was was was was was leading so you know well okay the league with with with with with a. 328 average, but a 3 well I mean mean mean mean mean like uh - for - 32 slump in the middle middle middle middle middle of like uh like um September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Las Las Las Las uh uh okay um Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about I mean mean mean mean mean so so like 182 businesses and 9, 250 houses, houses, houses, houses, houses, left of standing water so I mean like well in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has has has has has picked up the series for two seasons, like okay uh uh uh uh uh well the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border border border border border well okay I mean you know of Austria, at the the the the the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - well so well um Inquart, Inquart, Inquart, Inquart, Inquart, the latter communique having been arranged after the troops had um so so so so so I mean so begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain America um I mean uh well in', and and and and and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling calling calling calling calling well you know okay you know themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are well well well well well you know I mean I mean filled via the the the the the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight the fight the fight the fight the fight continued continued continued continued continued the following day, August 23, with four 'blue well I I I I I mean like I mean jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one (one (one (one (one of them you know okay so you know killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean so and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the the the the the parliamentary um so okay like system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards anne Edwards anne Edwards anne Edwards anne anne anne anne anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 ) like I mean well like claims both that Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, and also uh okay I I I I I mean uh that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also uh uh uh uh uh um like okay investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were were were were were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's so um so you know cause of 'delivering justice justice justice justice justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents elorza's parents elorza's parents elorza's parents elorza's elorza's elorza's elorza's elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the the the the the like okay uh okay boy, but they were confronted by by by by by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi made his you know so like okay visit to Mysore State State State State State in 1932 while, he visited Tagadur and okay like like like like like uh uh a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London London London London London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award Award Award Award Award okay like uh I mean by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving also a Lady okay uh you know well Davis Fellowship at at at at at the Hebrew University in 2006 and I mean like like like like like like um also 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally normally normally normally normally occurring okay I mean uh I mean just before or or or or or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, or, in French, Carl you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron du Prel Prel Prel Prel Prel (April 3, uh I mean so okay 1839 -- -- -- -- -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French okay um so so so so so uh Creole parents and one of his ancestors was was was was was Michel Branamour I mean um I mean um Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - 1' um um um um um like um um was a more guitar based pop album that that that that that also became uh uh uh well a smash hit sending sending sending sending sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering like like like like like well I mean you know a stroke in 1964 1964 1964 1964 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to you know know know know know um like I mean speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a a a a a public well I mean well um company listed in in in in in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know like the companies involvement in N. Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa and North East I mean you know like you know Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold hold hold hold hold as you know uh uh okay much textual importance importance importance importance importance as the things ( 'les choses' ) uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh meticulously described throughout, which are the subject subject subject subject subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Borough of you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near near near near near the um you know okay you know foothills of the the the the the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the the the the the Admiralty so well uh okay in the first two governments governments governments governments governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - okay uh well um 1886; 1886; 1886; 1886; 1886; 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in in in in in I mean um okay okay the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, and you know um uh well as of 2007, the list list list list list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well 500, 000 € plus 200, 000 € € € € € future incentives, I mean like uh you know signing signing signing signing signing a 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 000 000 000 000 like I mean well well € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair of of of of of 'jorts' you know so um well after the team team team team team returned from Newark, New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean aggressive than the lion, their struggle became more like like like like like that uh I mean um well of dogs unable to to to to to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th like I mean mean mean mean mean well so century, among his good horses was, was, was, was, was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely completely completely completely completely um well you know uh within the region; the the the the the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional like um you you you you you know well territory is also in the region -- -- -- -- -- so so you know uh its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - kEWE - kEWE - kEWE - kEWE kEWE kEWE kEWE kEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found found found found found form I mean so like I mean in their architect a a a a a congregational space that was used um so well well well well well okay chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage stage stage stage stage the play 'Albert so so so um Hall' in Los Los Los Los Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was he was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and and and and and backed uh um uh so him against the other other other other other main party on the Privy Council, headed by so uh uh uh uh uh well you know the 7th Earl of Rothes: in in in in in September he okay okay um well wrote to to to to to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear appear appear appear appear in the dam um you know okay you you you you you know on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) 1996) 1996) 1996) 1996) was um like like um born as the second son of of of of of Reynold Lambert Eustace and Beatrice well well you know know know know know well St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six six six six six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled 'sampled 'sampled 'sampled 'sampled chorus effects' on I mean like uh like its vocals created created created created created and a 'moody' production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues glues glues glues glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of okay okay okay okay okay like you know like his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 you know know know know know um okay I mean October 2001) was a British British British British British television channel owned and operated um um uh I I I I I mean by Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations operations operations operations operations so um um well with little fanfare, as SEPTA SEPTA SEPTA SEPTA SEPTA management turned their attention well well uh I mean to the the the the the electrified commuter lines they began operating on so okay you know know know know know um January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is alabbar is alabbar is alabbar is alabbar alabbar alabbar alabbar alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - well okay okay okay okay okay like uh based Eagle Hills and he also also also also also acts as a top adviser um uh so uh uh uh uh uh to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would tyson would tyson would tyson would tyson would would would would would continue to dominate the fight into round 5 uh uh uh uh uh like you know so and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the um okay okay okay okay okay I mean like Pyramid - consumers at the level level level level level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree so okay you you you you you know uh programs in actuarial science, and these programs usually usually usually usually usually I mean uh well well have highly specialized coursework schedules and and and and and series of exam preparation courses I mean uh like I I I I I mean to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi the Nazi the Nazi the Nazi the the the the the Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany um uh I mean uh and Germanness are equal equal equal equal equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi like um um okay aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another another another another another stratovolcano okay okay well um (located in the Philippines), Philippines), Philippines), Philippines), Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about okay I mean you you you you you know well 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La so so so so so um okay so Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began she began she began she began she began began began began began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined Trosterud, like so so so so so so like she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played played played played played up I mean well okay um to December 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a uh like I I I I I mean uh contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet booklet booklet booklet booklet of um well so um music performed by the Hespèrion XXI XXI XXI XXI XXI ensemble, including like like like you know seven of of of of of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive its distinctive its distinctive its distinctive its distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an like like like like like you know okay I mean irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and and and and and inspiration since the okay well so like late 19 th th th th th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten so so so so so like uh you know with the courses, depending upon upon upon upon upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah Judah Judah Judah Judah line of San okay so so I mean Francisco's Francisco's Francisco's Francisco's Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to to to to to provide priests, I mean okay well like temples, sacrifices for other other other other other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species you you you you you know uh I mean like richness are frequently positive correlated; however, however, however, however, however, in some oceanic islands, there so like uh you know know know know know is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but but but but but you know okay um um Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history the history the history the history the history of the the the the the famous Valley of the Muses on well okay okay okay okay okay so okay the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in in in in in the well so so you know 6th century B B B B B. C. Its greatest period began I mean well well well well well well well from the 3rd century B. C. Onwards Onwards Onwards Onwards Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the um um um um um like well okay Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - - - - - run museum with screenings uh you know you know know know know know um for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable variable variable variable variable star in I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay Between Straight Women and Gay Men' features works by Andrew like like like like like uh uh um Solomon, Cindy Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, Doonan, Doonan, Doonan, Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's um well I mean mean mean mean mean I mean caucus on May 28, 2017 for having made made made made made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is I mean mean mean mean mean like well so recognized as one of the 'oldest' rating rating rating rating rating still existing like okay so well in today's modern U. S S S S S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife red Fife red Fife red Fife red Fife was was was was was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for like um um um um um you know okay 40 years or more', but Red Fife is a a a a a uh like you know well landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was was was was was I mean okay uh um married to the daughter of of of of of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette uh you know you know know know know know well Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in in in in in 1891, Crawford I mean okay I mean um (with Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home for for for for for okay so okay I mean sale and then gone gone gone gone gone out of town, and the daughter thinks um um um um um uh uh I mean Lacey and Jake have been been been been been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he he he he he discovered the okay um like you know Juruena river, river, river, river, river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an important I mean um you you you you you know like tributary of the Tapajós river along along along along along with the discovered the Nambikwara um so well uh tribe, which which which which which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a I mean mean mean mean mean you know um okay palace in Downton on one of of of of of the islands by the Moot I mean um okay so so so so so when the palace was taken down and the stone uh uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops stops stops stops stops so okay you know okay for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many many many many many people who travel in winter uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean like travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason like so um okay Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs fought fought fought fought fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows like like like like like like uh so continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of of of of of you know I mean okay you know turloughs with with with with with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know uh plays for Colchester United and for the the the the the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen you know know know know know so um so to prevent the reduction in the the the the the size of the school's playing fields, okay like uh well well well well well although a new food technology block has been um you know know know know know uh uh built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is it is it is it is it is not not not not not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, but I I I I I mean well um you know a distinct canid, although although although although although based only on morphological similarities, okay um uh um it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due due due due due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under under under under under Italian control, uh like so like strategic hills over Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka were heavily fortified and included like uh you know you you you you you know in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, defenses, defenses, defenses, defenses, which stretched from you know well uh um the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises rises rises rises rises near okay okay like um Kaisariani on the slopes of of of of of Mount Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, information, information, information, information, built into um like you know I mean the ships' ships' ships' ships' ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels these vessels have have have have have a secondary role involving anti pollution okay well well well well well so so and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer and and and and and United like like like I mean States Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine officer who won the National Book Award for so well well well well well like okay fiction in 2014 for his first book - - - - - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin Chaplin Chaplin Chaplin Chaplin in one I mean like like well of his very first first first first first acting roles during its first London production, I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Hair)' is the like I mean you know you know seventh episode episode episode episode episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing on the the the the the like well uh so Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they well well well well well uh like I mean try to call him to warn him him him him him but are like I mean uh you know confronted confronted confronted confronted confronted by the assassin who spares their lives like well so so so so so um since they are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce Commerce Commerce Commerce Commerce and most okay uh um uh of its then 95 95 95 95 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami um well well um um um um um Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a a a a a 100, uh um okay I mean 000 - square square square square square - foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for for for for for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms um um um um um like uh uh of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more more more more more effective missile um well I mean like systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; Pleistocene; Pleistocene; Pleistocene; Pleistocene; the reason for uh like well like the extinction of of of of of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her her her her her heir well um um well apparent is her eldest grandson, grandson, grandson, grandson, grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament tournament tournament tournament tournament I mean well um so on the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and and and and and celebration you know well um so as the residents join together together together together together in a community that is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh um by Charon, here played as as as as as a gum - chewing valley I mean uh uh uh uh uh like I mean girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and tells tells tells tells tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, Colleges, Colleges, Colleges, Colleges, and you know you know so uh previously served as as as as as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL like like like well - TV TV TV TV TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and um so so so noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez directed lopez lopez lopez lopez lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered like like like like like like uh uh in the United States Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress and has since been I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, zhang's grandfather, zhang's grandfather, zhang's grandfather, zhang's zhang's zhang's zhang's zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, like like like like like like like well purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for for for for for like I mean you know I mean him, him, him, him, him, and the family arranged a marriage for him him him him him with okay um um so Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, in 1922, in 1922, in 1922, in in in in in 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ you you you you you know well like like 100, 000 per year for for for for for ten years), and in 1935, he you know okay well well well well well well signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator Senator Senator Senator Senator - you know I mean okay I mean Elect Elect Elect Elect Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and uh uh uh uh uh well like like currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as you you you you you know you know well I mean a list of of of of of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the the the the the main possibilities uh uh uh so for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already already already already already I mean um uh um won both the Masters and and and and and U. S so okay so I mean. Open, to to to to to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch music producer you know um uh uh and DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals I mean um um um um um so um of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - well well well well well well okay so Egyptian excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), and since 1987 uh uh well okay he has been directing directing directing directing directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, I I I I I mean um you know uh and then transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred with her cousin Bessie uh so well um to the Howland Howland Howland Howland Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of well I mean mean mean mean mean well uh the 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical to to to to to a you know so okay okay program's performance; this this this this this register allocation is performed either by like I mean um um um um um well a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so by the BBC from from from from from years past as like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred years later, on on on on on 15 January 1934, another so you know um uh earthquake completely completely completely completely completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around around around around around their okay like uh uh 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of of of of of cilia that work um um well uh in groups groups groups groups groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, howard Devoto, howard Devoto, howard Devoto, howard howard howard howard howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and former former former former former okay like um um Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List List List List List on 15 okay well you know okay June June June June June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although although although although although testimony I mean you know I mean okay at trial trial trial trial trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol idol idol idol idol so you know like okay in Japan during during during during during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know to seduce will be Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard and while Trish is away I mean well well well well well well um invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is there is there is there is there there there there there is no Railway station to Walavne, but well um you you you you you know like the nearest railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep keep keep keep keep cool and like like um you know staff prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the the the the the Toronto Argonauts so okay like okay of the CFL CFL CFL CFL CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman angelo Soliman angelo Soliman angelo Soliman angelo Soliman Soliman Soliman Soliman Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Africa; died well like okay you know 21 November 1796 1796 1796 1796 1796 in Vienna) was the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article another article another article another article another another another another another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean or later Love is defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated by Scandal', enumerates the love you know uh uh um um um um um affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its its its its its heritage, okay okay you know so Reynolds extended his his his his his collection to include tractors, steam engines I mean um um um um um like so and airplanes. Reynlds also reynlds also reynlds also also also also also reynlds also reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next his next his next his next his his his his his next move was to Bahrain where he he he he he you know um um like was appointed as as as as as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was there was there was there was there was a a a a a further restoration carried out in um um well okay 1922 1922 1922 1922 1922 after the calvary was declared a 'Monument you you you you you know you know well okay Historique' in 1921 and became became became became became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked blocked blocked blocked blocked the front okay well like so gates of of of of of the school and forced it to close, while officers uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so of the Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is actin is actin is actin is actin is a globular globular globular globular globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes and like like like like like like like you know forms into an ordered filament structure structure structure structure structure which has two uh uh well like protofilaments wrapping around around around around around each other, to form a so so so so so so you know um single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Durham Durham Durham Durham Tees Valley well you know you know uh uh uh uh uh Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, like I mean um I mean a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in in in in in well uh um so 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian um um um um um um um okay non-profit association not linked with with with with with the Catholic Church, well okay like uh uh uh uh uh with 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety Safety Safety Safety Safety 'S', a okay you know uh so Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 route 311 route 311 route 311 route route route route route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will will will will will uh like uh I mean share their vision for for for for for the future as keynotes, as every sector um so uh uh uh uh uh like of the evolving new music business convenes to well well well well well like you know you know discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the you you you you you know uh um I mean only craft upon which James James James James James Murray could lay hands, okay well um um the ship ship ship ship ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going going going going going to become um well you know like a presenter as as as as as well as a singer; in 2016, she will uh well well well well well well uh present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib so you you you you you know um I mean University Foundation (a not - - - - - for - profit organization) well uh okay you know with its its its its its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) okay so so so so so well you know is a British professional boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer who has held the IBF welterweight uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh title since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born uh uh uh uh uh um uh um Felix Weidmann, previously an ocean ocean ocean ocean ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one of well so so so so so well like New Zealand's most recognised actors on his own own own own own soil I mean so um well. He was he he he he he was he was he was he was a a a a a much loved feature of many local films well you know know know know know I mean like made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, has you know um so uh allegedly been denied an an an an an interview by Morrison, however interviews well okay uh you know have have have have have been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) okay um um um um um uh um was succeeded by an even shorter - lived lived lived lived lived first Albanian Republic (1925 uh okay I mean um um um um um -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the the the the the Spooner Amendment so um well uh to the Army Army Army Army Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority for the President so um um um um um like uh to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, so so so so so I mean you know I mean Los Angeles, Managua, Managua, Managua, Managua, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of well well well well well I mean um you know the Tallinn Art University ( ( ( ( ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts I mean like so so so so so okay ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising praising praising praising praising the I mean okay okay um wind: ' ' ' ' ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in in in in in La so uh you know like Jolla, California, in in in in in the parking lot of a golf like well well well well well like I mean course, where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest earliest earliest earliest earliest implementations well so I mean so of this process where where where where where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during I I I I I mean so you know um the 6th and 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th centuries, during the trying period when I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean uh the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish Frankish Frankish Frankish Frankish King uh well um so Clovis I, and was was was was was considered to be the center I mean well okay okay okay okay okay like of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T T T T T uh uh like um. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored authored authored authored authored a study of the Soviet population from you know know know know know so I mean I mean 1922 - 1991 which was was was was was published by the Russian Academy you know um you you you you you know okay of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr. Baldwin I I I I I mean I mean I mean um was supported by the the the the the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent um well like you know MP Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and and and and and the I mean um well so resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that that that that that so like like like are many times larger and more more more more more massive than the Sun okay okay so well well well well well. Such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska Institute, Institute, Institute, Institute, Institute, I mean um um I mean a Stockholm medical university, university, university, university, university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - - - - - of you know you know okay so - town tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, tryouts, later saying she felt the role so like um you you you you you know was not right for her and asked so so so so so well okay so the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the um um um um um um I mean like contract will fund the financial loss incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred by any rise okay like um uh in the the the the the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations stations stations stations stations to Univision, which so you know so you know know know know know converted them into Spanish language outlets; some affiliated with with with with with you know uh so okay Univision, but most joined joined joined joined joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial okay you know like you know street in downtown Chittagong, Chittagong, Chittagong, Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes Montes Montes Montes Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), okay okay like like like like like okay nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time um like like like like like well okay state champion football team, which won three state titles titles titles titles titles in like okay uh um 2001, 2002, 2003 2003 2003 2003 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route county Route county Route county Route county Route Route Route Route Route 66 is Deer Park Road East so like um so so so so so in Dix Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad as Conrad as Conrad as Conrad as as as as as Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with Dr um um um um um well like um. Berger and berger and berger berger berger berger berger and berger and berger and learns to try to confront rather rather rather rather rather than control um uh okay I mean them, he he he he he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the the the the the market okay um like like for such adaptations all all all all all but disappeared with the advent of so uh um I I I I I mean video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as as as as as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does I I I I I mean like well well not join Team Prime, preferring preferring preferring preferring preferring instead to travel around so well uh so so so so so on his own, but he joins the Wrecker Wrecker Wrecker Wrecker Wrecker sub-group I mean you know I mean you know of of of of of Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, York, York, York, York, well like like like and studied at Amherst College College College College College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music you know know know know know so um okay band, using their instruments he he he he he learned music by experience and after okay so um well a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the the the the the sudden you know uh okay like attack attack attack attack attack and the crusade force advanced toward the town of Al Al Al Al Al you know you know so like Mansurah where Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert d'Artois was killed and uh I mean I mean you you you you you know the crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the you know know know know know okay so I mean don't pass line bet, he he he he he or she well I mean like well can no longer longer longer longer longer lay odds behind the don't pass line, um you know know know know know well uh but can still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a separate separate separate separate separate so I mean you know like compilation phase, rather than being being being being being directly interpreted, which allows a okay uh you know I I I I I mean much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to well well well well well you know I mean like the south bank of the the the the the river a short walk I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean so from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the okay okay okay okay okay well okay so Yorkshire and the Humber region of of of of of England, and most is uh I mean so so so so so so in the East Midlands region; the county is the only only only only only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard I I I I I mean I mean you know um tank with a Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his his his his his distinctive you know uh uh uh bald head, full full full full full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen I mean um uh okay and twenty was found inside inside inside inside inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter another shorter another shorter another shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears appears appears appears appears in like okay like like 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY FANTASY FANTASY FANTASY FANTASY ~ Final so you know um um Fantasy Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on I I I I I mean I mean like okay Public Schools, and the the the the the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, was was was was was you know like so I mean the Internet governing governing governing governing governing body primarily responsible for domain name uh um so so so so so you know allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 when this well well uh so role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year year year year year - um I mean like like old girl who who who who who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean along with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the by the by the by the by the the the the the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all you know know know know know um well I mean of the governor's 11 - member member member member member Executive Council were U like uh like like. S. Expatriates, and and and and and half the appointive offices in well you know know know know know well so the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains well well well well well uh um uh of free enterprise particularly to keep grain well well well well well um okay okay lines open to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al al al al al - uh okay uh like ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge refuge refuge refuge refuge and protection and okay you know like well refused the the the the the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor like like like like like uh I mean so would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June June June June June 1979, London) like you know like uh is best known known known known known as being the former guitarist for Ash, like like I mean mean mean mean mean like but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 31, 31, 31, 31, 1795), who so I mean like uh assumed the the the the the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, I I I I I mean you know um I mean was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing north north north north north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as I mean okay you you you you you know um South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan well well well well well like well so in western attire without a headscarf, upset the the the the the ultra conservative Shinwari so you know okay uh tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Black Black Black Black Soulstone, and knowing um I mean um like it is is is is is too dangerous to leave in the hands of so uh uh uh uh uh um I mean mortals or angels, takes the Black Black Black Black Black Soulstone back to Sanctuary okay so I mean mean mean mean mean so and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross um okay you you you you you know well the Atlantic Ocean in an an an an an open dory named 'Centennial'; um um I mean mean mean mean mean uh his voyage, which arose from a dare with his his his his his well you know I mean well friends over a game game game game game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served he served he served he served he he he he he served as head coach at Texas Christian University um like like like like like um um from 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 15 15 15 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, base, base, base, base, um well you know I mean the two partners partners partners partners partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing you know okay okay okay okay okay so okay line -- when the first production batch rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled out, Jack like okay um well and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um working out of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the first first first first first well okay well um is situated in the fact fact fact fact fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album I I I I I mean um well so to be written entirely by by by by by Bowie, it was released as you know okay okay so so so so so a single ahead of the album and charted so um um um um um I mean like in the Top Ten in the UK UK UK UK UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying you know know know know know like I mean well in the order they were were were were were meant to die on you know well I mean uh the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell bell bell bell bell tower and the well well um uh assertive semi-circular apse, apse, apse, apse, apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's men's men's men's men's professional uh uh you know so basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more more more more more like um I mean like chance, but at at at at at the end of a near - so like uh uh uh uh uh uh perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, New I mean like um uh York) is an American professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers SeaTankers SeaTankers SeaTankers SeaTankers okay like well well Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera Perera Perera Perera Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder of OneChild, OneChild, OneChild, OneChild, OneChild, you know um okay you know a non-governmental organization organization organization organization organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of of of of of Spanish and so okay uh um Italian Baroque styles styles styles styles styles. The Island's newest movie and like well uh well vaudeville vaudeville vaudeville vaudeville vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen (born (born (born (born (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is uh so so so so so okay well a retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading invading invading invading invading 3' I mean well um like strand, changing the the the the the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League um um um um um uh um well and helped to unionize black workers in uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, with with with with with I mean you know I mean like X and Y Y Y Y Y closer together than Y and Z, the well um um um um um like okay temporal interval between the X and Y Y Y Y Y flashes is perceived to I mean I mean uh I I I I I mean be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to one one one one one of you know okay like you know the prostitutes working in a a a a a brothel: he has you know um I mean um um um um um claimed he didn ´ t know which of the I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle the vehicle the vehicle the vehicle the vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight um um um um um um you know so test in 1976 when, taking off off off off off under its own I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean you know power from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it I I I I I mean okay you know like was flown by by by by by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting uh like like like like like you know um accident, to which the former judge judge judge judge judge responded by largely uh well so I mean withdrawing from from from from from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee on Market Transactions, and on uh well I mean mean mean mean mean you know the Board of Directors of the American Judicature Judicature Judicature Judicature Judicature Society you know like you know like and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 30 30 30 30 September so you know okay I mean 2016: he contributesd his his his his his lyrics to a reworked version of I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh um 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed uh okay okay okay okay okay well so general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, okay you know know know know know you know I mean was also used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and okay okay okay okay okay um so so he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and and and and and um so like well took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no uh you you you you you know okay okay one could get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built built built built built with okay okay so I mean Sri Lankan funds. On On On On On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has amit has amit has amit amit amit amit amit has amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has he has he has he has has has has has he has written on political science, exploring how uh like like like like like okay like game theory would treat social contracts; his analyses analyses analyses analyses analyses um okay okay um are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 1993 1993 1993 1993 like well I mean um ) is a Russian professional ice ice ice ice ice hockey right winger um um I mean like currently playing playing playing playing playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and um okay well like like like like like content of the videos, including suggestions that it it it it it uh uh you know so may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and and and and and I mean uh I mean I mean autumn of of of of of 1942 on a link between Sicily and Libya, codenamed codenamed codenamed codenamed codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 like um I mean I mean and 2008, respectively, and and and and and stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the well well well well well well okay so begins, caused in part by the the the the the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is is is is is relatively okay like so you know small, but it is is is is is nevertheless a key factor in its um you you you you you know you know um economy - there are more more more more more than 120 publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup win and um you know well uh uh uh uh uh also led them in their centenary year, but left left left left left um well so so the club in 1976 when when when when when he was transferred to so you know uh well Celtic Celtic Celtic Celtic Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a a a a a like like I mean well science fiction theme theme theme theme theme centering on a union between a veteran um you know like like like like like like police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and like I I I I I mean I mean I mean received from the Russian Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won he won he won he won he he he he he won two - man and four - man World so so so so so so well well Cup at 2014 - 15 season when when when when when he had 15 I mean well uh uh (from 16) 16) 16) 16) 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in uh so so so so so you know you know (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is is is is is an American rapper, I mean okay I mean um um um um um who first began rapping at the age of 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, and so I mean um I mean signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the 'Fallout' timeline timeline timeline timeline timeline uh you know you know you know before the the the the the Great War took place, in which the so I I I I I mean um um United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored stored stored stored stored like so uh I mean away with his crew, and and and and and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm 92 mm mm mm mm mm 92 mm 92 mm 92 mm machine gun developed developed developed developed developed by you know okay you know you know know know know know Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the but the but the but the but but but but but the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers okay okay okay okay okay I mean so uh and streamlining the submission process, while while while while while voicing concerns I mean like so uh about about about about about its business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement well so like like like like like like for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities activities activities activities activities and by okay okay okay I mean the end end end end end of the season is kicked off the 'A' team I mean mean mean mean mean uh like like and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, in 1883, in 1883, in 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, in 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite infinite infinite infinite infinite you know you know uh um ordinals, and used sets sets sets sets sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was it was it was it was it was was was was was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's I mean okay okay okay okay okay so so K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and hogs and hogs and hogs and hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in New York York York York York well uh okay you know City opened in 1992 1992 1992 1992 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared in uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh five episodes between 29 December December December December December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Relief,' Relief,' Relief,' Relief,' Healing Arts so um like so Press, 2007 - contains contains contains contains contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar uh um like like tract, a way in which stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean like information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is is is is is like well uh so dragged to an isolation cell cell cell cell cell for punishment where he overpowers uh so I mean I I I I I mean the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and and and and and 20 cavalry you know okay you know I mean under the the the the the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well um Bell's Mills further down the Deep Deep Deep Deep Deep River, then set off okay okay um so with his his his his his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June June June June June 22, 1992) was um uh like like a British British British British British track racing cyclist whose ferocious will to you know um so so so so so uh win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to to to to to okay okay like uh the Queensland School Health Services, Services, Services, Services, Services, was in charge of like you know uh so so so so so the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of of of of of Indian so um I mean okay cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had had had had had been well um like uh handed down in Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from well like uh uh uh uh uh like Toghtekin, the Burid emir of Damascus, but he he he he he well um like so too was tired or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at um I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean a Concert Lamoureux under the the the the the baton of Charles Lamoureux so okay like I I I I I mean on November 25, 1888, while the choral version premiered three three three three three uh so uh you know days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase at the uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, Department, Department, Department, Department, uh um so you know Lincoln had a powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful cabinet of determined men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, in 1988, in 1988, in 1988, in 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest okay I I I I I mean you know so for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, um um um um um so I mean you know since 1979 and has appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared as a featured expert on you know like okay okay okay okay okay like child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the the the the the uh well I mean well route is a freeway freeway freeway freeway freeway that includes a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's um um um um um well uh uh Chief Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Benjamin Hall, a you know like uh you know large and and and and and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as okay okay okay okay okay like like uh 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play play play play play for okay I mean so I mean Ethnikos Ethnikos Ethnikos Ethnikos Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, so so so so so okay I mean so while the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the the the the the hall like uh I mean so in which the the the the the wedding will take place -- it's where you know I I I I I mean okay so Emily's parents got married, and the wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding will be the you know uh you know like like like like like last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop desktop desktop desktop desktop video well well so uh standard for IBM - compatible personal personal personal personal personal computers, developed around um like so you know 1984 by Section Section Section Section Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried buried buried buried buried in uh so like like City Cemetery) served as mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in built in built in built in built built built built built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was was was was was you know well well like damaged during the the the the the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it uh so so so so so uh I mean was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists it consists it consists it consists it consists consists consists consists consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as as as as as I mean so I mean like a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an international international international international international I mean so okay you know star everywhere but but but but but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in in in in in well well like I mean February 2017 and and and and and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After 'After 'After 'After 'After a lawsuit by by by by by Ray Lynch for allegedly uh like so okay not paying him, him, him, him, him, the company was foreclosed by Security I mean well I I I I I mean you know Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed brendan completed brendan completed brendan completed brendan completed completed completed completed completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started well uh um um um um um you know in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon 'You're Gon 'You're Gon 'You're Gon 'You're 'You're 'You're 'You're 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single you you you you you know um like so and third third third third third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album so so so so so you know like well being the poor production, production, production, production, production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated um I I I I I mean like uh that it was hard to have have have have have a producer do everything, you know uh um so so so so so where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and and and and and died in so um uh so Alabama on Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's People's People's People's People's Choice award for okay you know um uh his debut debut debut debut debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully so okay okay you you you you you know won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was it was it was it was it was was was was was digitally released on iTunes on 17 okay okay well so so so so so September 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of you know like like like like like well I mean Seido or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving preserving preserving preserving preserving law and like well um well order at any any any any any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese you you you you you know um um um and Asian markets are made made made made made by Axl in China, these um um uh like like like like like guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her um okay okay okay okay okay so so great efforts in trying to promote the the the the the country she you know well I mean um um um um um loves so much she was widowed 12 years ago but but but but but so so well so has managed to raise 3 3 3 3 3 charming children the eldest I mean you know okay well well well well well Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean down to a lake lake lake lake lake and they help Zachary get um uh um well baptized in in in in in a lake with a worker in the Bowl um um um um um like uh um - A-Rama who was going to to to to to become a priest; later I mean so okay like his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in I I I I I mean okay well you know with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the like the like the like the like like like like like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay at the same time. He among with other yogis namely namely namely namely namely okay like okay uh Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee I mean so I mean I mean and Arbroath, both both both both both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild 'Rebuild 'Rebuild 'Rebuild 'Rebuild of okay okay uh I mean Evangelion' and and and and and reappears in' where she remains generally the you know like I mean mean mean mean mean you know same as in the anime as she she she she she acts as pilot um okay so like of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program program program program program like I mean I mean um for pre-college youth at at at at at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a so you you you you you know so I mean thousands of calls and write write write write write thousands of e-mails, uh like uh like thanks to specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist section you are able to create your okay okay okay okay okay uh like so own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist goodman Methodist goodman Methodist goodman Methodist goodman goodman goodman goodman goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an an an an an like I mean I mean you know advertising executive and and and and and the head of the New York okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean and New England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment investment investment investment investment banking, eventually well you know so um working at the Wall Wall Wall Wall Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF the CCF the CCF the CCF the the the the the CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh 1950 to find ways to counter the view view view view view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as as as as as air is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV KV KV KV KV like okay okay so - 1 was invulnerable to to to to to almost any German weapon uh well like like except except except except except the famous 88 mm gun even then its its its its its 'armor you know you know so so causes causes causes causes causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University University University University University I mean like so like of York, after which which which which which he spent four months working for okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent patent patent patent patent uh you know uh like for a food namely a a a a a cucumber that was structural modified vs uh uh well um um um um um GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out um um um um um um um um of the Top 100 and found herself as the the the the the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its its its its its fourth uh uh you know you know and final final final final final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he okay well I I I I I mean um played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made she made she made she made she she she she she made her television debut on the Fox show um um um um um I mean okay okay New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, Deschanel, Deschanel, Deschanel, Deschanel, and went on to appear uh okay uh well well well well well in About a Boy, The Young and the Restless Restless Restless Restless Restless okay like okay so and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 Jeep Jeep Jeep Jeep Jeep was used in the Korean War, I mean like okay okay okay okay okay so which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry marry marry marry marry her daughters to well uh um uh wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy men; whether or not any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American American American American American Communist movement, you know um um so was was was was was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low low low low low - reflection like well um so front surface; surface; surface; surface; surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football um um um um um so so well (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South South South South South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in so so so so so so so so Tranemo, Sweden at the age of of of of of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when when when when when he discovered his I mean okay I mean so so so so so wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs well well well well well like like like of mental instability with their sudden, sudden, sudden, sudden, sudden, unwelcomed presence in okay I mean okay um his his his his his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the the the the the you know I mean you know so President's Council of Economic Economic Economic Economic Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph the graph the graph the graph the the the the the graph of the exponential distribution, called the uh you you you you you know okay well probability density function (PDF), is is is is is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and and and and and like um okay you know led to a rather 'flat' 'flat' 'flat' 'flat' 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for for for for for so well well so which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook well well well well well um so like Island professional rugby league footballer who currently currently currently currently currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی براۓ well um okay I mean مینجمنٹ سائنسز سائنسز سائنسز سائنسز سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly like so so so so so I mean well a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) 1988) 1988) 1988) 1988) I mean I mean um uh was a Jewish scholar scholar scholar scholar scholar and philosopher, born uh uh well well 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, and and and and and you know you know so uh also appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared as a backing singer in the video for you you you you you know okay uh like her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which which which which which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as as as as as The well like okay uh Cosmetics Cop, is an an an an an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State State State State State um I mean so okay University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the the the the the well well you know like metropolitan county of West Yorkshire Yorkshire Yorkshire Yorkshire Yorkshire and has a population uh so uh uh of of of of of approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate okay okay okay okay okay uh like so which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to like um um um um um like um be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which which which which which featured well I mean uh I mean a sample of Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though even though even though even though even even even even even though she has an above average IQ, she you know know know know know so um well is not a very good student, student, student, student, student, except for Art, in like uh like like which she always always always always always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as I I I I I mean so uh okay their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, he was nominated as the one of I mean uh uh uh uh uh um well front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Penrith Penrith Penrith Penrith Panthers 'Team like like so like of Legends' but but but but but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons like so so so so so like like - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not not not not not statistically uh okay I mean you know significant, significant, significant, significant, significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of 20 20 20 20 20 subjects as I mean um you know like either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers computers computers computers computers for uh well I mean like mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff staff staff staff staff okay well so so had been invited to volunteer for for for for for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some after some after some after some after after after after after some time on furlough, spent expanding his his his his his landholdings, Taylor was um well so you know promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April April April April April 1832, uh I mean you know I mean when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm chalk Farm chalk Farm chalk Farm chalk Farm Farm Farm Farm Farm is a place in the London Borough of like like like like like okay uh okay Camden, best known as the site of 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Roundhouse', uh uh so you know a former circular railway railway railway railway railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( ( ( ( ( 'Altiplano' I mean you know like so ) of of of of of western - central Michoacan State, the River takes well okay okay okay okay okay like I mean a course mainly towards the the the the the south, and finally drains well like okay um into into into into into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; I I I I I mean so well like played a key role in a a a a a political crisis that threatened so you know like okay okay okay okay okay to tear the Liberal government and the the the the the country apart you know like okay okay and incurred the the the the the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off I I I I I mean you know well well - track students in their education education education education education preparing them for high um uh uh um school school school school school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from from from from from Howard okay like like well University in 1997, then attended attended attended attended attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division okay like um like like like like like as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 so I I I I I mean well I mean -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete concrete concrete concrete concrete you know you know you know well to keep keep keep keep keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen after um you know like you know the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku Shinkansen, Shinkansen, Shinkansen, Shinkansen, Shinkansen, okay okay you know you know and upon the Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining northern portion well like like like like like well you know of the line is expected to be be be be be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give well okay I I I I I mean I mean her young children an opportunity to 'hear 'hear 'hear 'hear 'hear (her) like so like um and get a sense sense sense sense sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on on on on on uh um well uh Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for for for for for well um I mean okay the Deaf and and and and and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, however, however, however, however, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just just just just just before um I mean I mean uh Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite however, despite however, despite however, despite however, despite despite despite despite despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during later during later during later during later during during during during during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital okay um like like like like like okay was shifted to other building and the same building uh uh uh uh uh um um okay was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and so uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Tučė, grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas Mindaugas Mindaugas Mindaugas Mindaugas and his um um well I mean clan and invaded Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under under under under under their you know uh well well plea agreements agreements agreements agreements agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at the age age age age age uh um like okay of forty - two; his his his his his funeral was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen 'Queen I mean you know I mean you know Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged to to to to to like like well um attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 so well well well well well uh okay that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, group, group, group, group, I mean uh like so and been replaced by bass bass bass bass bass singer Reggie Battise, bass player well well like I mean mean mean mean mean Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West the West the West the West the the the the the West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, like uh you know I mean England formed in 1846 1846 1846 1846 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter reporter reporter reporter reporter for well you know so you know 'The World At At At At At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling like like like like like uh so okay still struggling with the same structural problems, in in in in in you know well uh okay addition, they they they they they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the um um um um um um okay I mean University of Kent on 24 24 24 24 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an an an an an English like so okay um rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her you you you you you know uh uh so 'the hot one'; this is is is is is shown in 'Historical okay so you know you know Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, the first, the first, the first, the first, on on on on on 1st violins and violas, is like uh like so so so so so like the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by by by by by oboes, okay like uh well is slower and and and and and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity Activity Activity Activity Activity alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre I mean you know I mean you know is is is is is located at Jindabyne, km south - west of so so so so so well I mean uh Sydney and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, however, however, however, however, saw well uh um well greatly expanded crew sizes, sizes, sizes, sizes, sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II ang II ang II ang II ang II II II II II also functions within the RAAS as a so okay like um um um um um negative feedback to suppress the further release of of of of of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic Polytechnic but dropped you know uh like um out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded founded founded founded founded in uh like well you know London on 7 7 7 7 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark published um um like well no more fiction during during during during during the remaining two decades um well well you know know know know know of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were patents were patents were patents were patents were granted granted granted granted granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 1894, well I I I I I mean okay um for the disintegrator, as as as as as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to to to to to - business like uh so well service provider for mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile payment, mobile content and other value I mean uh uh uh uh uh like I mean - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co you you you you you know okay well so. Leitrim and leitrim and and and and and leitrim and leitrim and leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of of of of of times I mean uh um um that the wire wire wire wire wire was pulled through a draw plate, okay so like you know know know know know becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as Modern uh um um um um um well uh Kid Power, it is estimated that there was was was was was enough kid well like okay um power that one could could could could could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M M M M M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port Angeles, uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like Washington United States) is President President President President President of the and originator um um I mean you you you you you know of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they they they they they could pass I mean uh um so to to to to to obtain the Green Card which will determine uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean if they can can can can can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in born in born in born in born in in in in in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who played played played played played for you know I mean so you you you you you know Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement the statement the statement the statement the statement statement statement statement statement is used to define loops which you know know know know know okay like okay are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to I I I I I mean um like okay the Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political political political political political well um I mean like systems, with several kinds of of of of of currency in circulation, and well uh um okay the ancient Baltic Baltic Baltic Baltic Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother well um um um um um I mean well (Roxie) took ill, and it it it it it became increasingly difficult for her I mean so you know um um um um um to care for four children and his parents decided to to to to to send I mean so well I mean him to Sunbury, Sunbury, Sunbury, Sunbury, Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with with with with with other specialty um you know uh uh sugars, but usually usually usually usually usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at at at at at like like okay you know Melbourne in the next Test, after after after after after Barnes had dismissed so uh uh um Bardsley, Kelleway, Kelleway, Kelleway, Kelleway, Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Gray I mean like uh you know in in in in in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the the the the the Pecos and, like uh uh so as employer of of of of of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently um well so um in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the during the during the during the during the the the the the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed you know so uh uh uh uh uh so as the NDP critic on the Environment, and and and and and sat as like I mean well okay a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, since then, since then, since then, since then, she's she's she's she's she's returned to her home brovince of uh okay uh so so so so so Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post um like like like like like I mean uh houses were houses or inns inns inns inns inns where horses were kept you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh and could be rented and postriders could be be be be be hired to okay um I mean like take travellers Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, at 18, at 18, at 18, at 18, Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she I mean mean mean mean mean you know so uh made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead lead lead lead lead I mean I mean you know you know plates plates plates plates plates written in an unknown language or constructed language and are are are are are okay so uh you know alleged to be a chronicle of of of of of the Dacians, but they I mean okay okay uh are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety variety variety variety variety well I mean uh so of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a a a a a um um okay so derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, substantially, substantially, substantially, substantially, peaking as high I mean you know you know know know know know uh as 91 mph (147 km / h) in in in in in Fort Wayne, like um um um equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of of of of of so I mean like I mean underarm and pubic pubic pubic pubic pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal you you you you you know you know um uh serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T T T T T. O. T. O. T. O. T. O. T. O O O O O. M' well uh um um. Around 2004 around 2004 around around around around around 2004 around 2004 around 2004 -- 05, where where where where where he noted that the character was um you know like like like like like you know pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean like professional ice hockey player who is currently currently currently currently currently playing well so like so for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 from 1889 from 1889 from 1889 from 1889 to to to to to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the French um um um um um uh I mean okay army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) you know I mean I mean I mean was constituted constituted constituted constituted constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to so um um um um um so okay promote and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring Scoring Scoring Scoring Scoring in Switzerland, and okay you know I mean like like like like like to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was teiresias was was was was was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories you know know know know know well like like tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - - - - - acre I mean okay I mean um Forward Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew like like like like like uh you know um up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning well so um okay a mast step, which which which which which by its arrangement of boards allows you know know know know know well um like the mast to be raised and and and and and lowered, and a like um okay um similar wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to to to to to 'Wilfred' um so you know I mean in in in in in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah Elijah Elijah Elijah Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over the the the the the well so so okay malt - making side of of of of of the family business and I mean like well um um um um um in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's however, that's however, that's however, that's however, however, however, however, however, that's not to say that there aren't well um uh uh uh uh uh you know some excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all all all all all of well I mean you know you know the the the the the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', I mean okay okay like with the title of 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' 'king' of Cobo making well well okay like it's first first first first first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach um well like um under under under under under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, 1941, 1941, 1941, 1941, when engaged in I mean uh okay uh heavy fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, a single German infantry division I mean like okay okay okay okay okay like required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies so um so uh a day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among among among among among uh okay okay okay peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & so so so so so I mean okay uh Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and and and and and installed at the you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than so so so so so so okay uh its western slope because the entire entire entire entire entire Sierra Nevada is the well well like uh result of of of of of a fault - block that is analogous to a like like like like like uh like you know cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site the site the site the site the site was was was was was originally occupied by the Majestic so you know like I mean Cabaret, Cabaret, Cabaret, Cabaret, Cabaret, which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with with with with with their you know I mean um okay smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their like so so so so so uh okay superior intelligence to guide their servants in their their their their their attacks, whilst um like okay so they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung do Kyung do Kyung do Kyung do do do do do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage stage stage stage stage name you know well um like D. O. , is a a a a a South Korean singer and actor uh well so I I I I I mean best known as a member and one of the the the the the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic receivers receivers receivers receivers receivers I mean um um you know and provides coaxial cable, composite composite composite composite composite video and S - Video so so I mean mean mean mean mean so outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July um well well well well well um okay 1970 in Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, musician, musician, musician, musician, performing solo okay I mean okay so and with with with with with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is is is is is an um okay you know well American former diplomat, diplomat, diplomat, diplomat, diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, so well so so so so so okay he is a member of the Democratic well like like like like like uh well Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, Deng like okay okay well was a political activist activist activist activist activist and knew little about military, um okay well you know their their their their their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for for for for for having so like I mean I mean several single - - - - - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is hiro is a a a a a 14 - year - old uh like well well well well well so robotics prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to to to to to like like you know well the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S well like like like like like um um. Citizens graduating with degrees in science, science, science, science, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, well like um you know and and and and and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - so so so so so well uh um stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline gasoline gasoline gasoline gasoline engine design, with a poly so well so okay okay okay okay okay V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2 um um um um um I mean um uh. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's well well well well well like uh okay 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units Units Units Units Units and Shanghai Kokutai uh uh okay you know on the the the the the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy you you you you you know um okay okay units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not the the the the the you know uh like um Key, and decides decides decides decides decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not not not not not have I mean um um so any creative background background background background background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth samuel Groth samuel Groth samuel Groth samuel Groth and and and and and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was was was was was always okay well you know okay meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of well well um um um um um like the drink was a variation of Ed the Tizer Tizer Tizer Tizer Tizer Head, so like I mean um whilst its sole video video video video video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' 'Lord Snow' 'Lord Snow' 'Lord Snow' 'Lord Snow' Snow' Snow' Snow' Snow' is the third episode of the um uh like like like like like so HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege the Siege Siege Siege Siege Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an like well well well well well like uh action of the Eighty Years 'War 'War 'War 'War 'War in which a Dutch Republican uh you know well well well well well so army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which had had had had had okay um like so been loyal to the King of of of of of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma you you you you you know okay so well debut, they released a third CD, CD, CD, CD, CD, 'State of Control' and a well um you know know know know know uh full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a a a a a white blaze uh okay uh okay bred in County Dublin, Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three for three for three for three for for for for for three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor you you you you you know um uh uh of Auckland and was was was was was re-elected to this office in um like so I I I I I mean 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % % % % % since so uh uh you know 1 July 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the um so so so so so so so United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success success success success success so well I mean well to date on' Billboard' Billboard' Billboard' Billboard' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation increased well okay uh I mean its assets by almost almost almost almost almost 10 times, and took you know um um um um um so um the 5th place in the DCM, also it it it it it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, for SDR, for SDR, for SDR, for for for for for SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- -- -- -- -- every I mean I mean um like 10 10 10 10 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of data -- -- -- -- -- okay okay like uh making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on on on on on um um uh well the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the at the at the at the at at at at at the Benham Hill roundabout it goes I mean uh you you you you you know I mean along Bath Road where it deviates from from from from from the old Turnpike Road you know you know know know know know uh so (still named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and um um um um um well you know like a French mother (Marie Ravachol), Ravachol), Ravachol), Ravachol), Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden uh okay okay so so so so so name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, I I I I I mean so like uh Hahn was released and and and and and in July 1933 he was like um you know know know know know so able to emigrate to Britain, where he settled settled settled settled settled in Scotland and like like okay you you you you you know founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, Umbria, Umbria, Umbria, Umbria, operating uh you know so so between art and and and and and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years years years years years after the um uh so um mission's founding, founding, founding, founding, founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it is reported that few students have left their their their their their I mean uh you know um courses due to to to to to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a you know you know know know know know um I mean new tendency is emerging as students who who who who who complete their GCE so okay like like Advanced Level Level Level Level Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th well like well so century, when the Japanese conquered conquered conquered conquered conquered it, and the I mean well so so city was was was was was further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their Their Their Their Their so so like uh uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew Jew Jew Jew Jew in I mean like so uh Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to to to to to this um um well I mean day and speak the the the the the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know siege by arranging for for for for for NATO air strikes and okay um so um an an an an an artillery barrage which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian and uh I mean I mean like Croatian forces, which which which which which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments some experiments some experiments some experiments some experiments experiments experiments experiments experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' uh so you you you you you know well -- 'exotic' mesons made of two two two two two quarks and two antiquark, okay you know you you you you you know uh but the particle physics community as a a a a a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, I mean mean mean mean mean uh like um India) is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos - - - - - I mean so you know um fire was poured on on on on on the Vichy defences from behind okay so you know know know know know so and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician the physician the physician the physician the the the the the physician assistant program was first accredited on May May May May May okay well okay like 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males the males the males the males the males are are are are are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large males males males males males okay like like um can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG so so so so so you know so I mean Ltd which organized world tours and booked booked booked booked booked live performances for like like I mean like various artists including including including including including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different well well well well well okay well I mean than Ilsted's scenes of common life life life life life ), and though sometimes well I mean like I I I I I mean Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the the the the the British First like um well um Army in Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia and from there it fought through you know so so so so so you know um the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is is is is is a so so okay like Russian professional ice hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell tell tell tell tell uh like you know uh him about Mookie's idol, idol, idol, idol, idol, he defected to Earl's alliance uh well uh uh and and and and and worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying I I I I I mean okay uh well his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary you you you you you know okay well like and Napoleonic Wars, rising to to to to to the rank of an 'Oberst' and okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires well well so so so so so you know miniature black holes, called the Dimension Dimension Dimension Dimension Dimension Tide, opens like um well like a wormhole through which which which which which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters uh so I mean mean mean mean mean well the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing well well well well well I mean uh um with her work as an actress actress actress actress actress and producer in her country, so so okay uh uh uh uh uh where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful the successful the successful the successful the the the the the successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, you know like uh like but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler Crumpler Crumpler Crumpler Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was was was was was I mean um well I mean active in the the the the the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are uh well well well well well uh well a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club the club the club the club club club club club the club was 41 - 45 in a tight division race like like like like like I mean okay uh in which they finished one one one one one game out in the like so well okay first half half half half half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died died died died died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, generation, generation, generation, generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the the the the the US like okay so like the band decided to film film film film film a higher budget video: um uh um so so so so so the American video for this song stars Flowers, I I I I I mean I mean um I mean Izabella Miko, Miko, Miko, Miko, Miko, and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount like well I I I I I mean okay Nakhal on a rocky prominence it is is is is is to well okay uh uh the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race track, so so so so so I mean so uh where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with together with together with together with together with the the the the the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set up uh so so so so so um um their establishment of the federation in Beijing Beijing Beijing Beijing Beijing as the philanthropic like I mean you know uh branch branch branch branch branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in in in in in support so so like so of Ferdinand, but Noel Noel Noel Noel Noel Wild and Ops (B), um like you know well the the the the the SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact you you you you you know so so I mean of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before uh so so so so so well I mean his death, his family was in great danger danger danger danger danger and um well I mean you know therefore for her her her her her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from photons from photons from photons photons photons photons photons from photons from an ideal single photon source source source source source exhibit photon antibunching, so uh uh um so that the the the the the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity I I I I I mean okay uh like as a main cast member on on on on on 'Traffic Light' along okay you know okay so with with with with with another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift the rift the rift the rift the the the the the rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's um um um um um like you know like deposition and exile in 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to well like like like like like okay okay 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a you you you you you know um um um Canadian actor / producer / / / / / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has he has he has he has he has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy academy academy academy academy okay like um you know was permitted to remain remain remain remain remain open as an independent training you know okay like like like like like you know organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' 'coemptio' 'coemptio' 'coemptio' 'coemptio' like so I mean uh or 'usus': in in in in in the latter, a woman could avoid her well you know like like like like like you know husband's legal control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout okay uh uh I mean the night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science Science Science Science Science you know you know like um and Technology magnet school school school school school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who played um um okay so in the 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level for Scotland, so so so so so so I mean well and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional professional professional professional professional body I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella you you you you you know like I mean well to take Azmaria as far far far far far away as they can, I mean um well like like like like like but before they can escape, Joshua turns turns turns turns turns Azmaria into stone so you know so uh and and and and and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university university university university university so okay like you know but has now left left left left left (though it retained some ties) well like okay well having previously previously previously previously previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted consulted consulted consulted consulted and if they like okay uh like object the child child child child child (unless they are over 16 years old) uh uh okay okay okay okay okay uh can not be accommodated under Section 20 of this this this this this Act; so well okay so the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu so so so so so um I mean so is the story of the the the the the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela I I I I I mean you know so um Sánchez, quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Cerebral Cerebral Cerebral Cerebral Palsy caused by well um um so medical negligence during during during during during her birth and has been treated for you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean well the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center Center Center Center Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann Feldmann Feldmann Feldmann Feldmann anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' 'Jesus' 'Jesus' 'Jesus' 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos you know know know know know um okay um Guapos with Kaos who main evented evented evented evented evented in third episode in uh um like like a Tables, Tables, Tables, Tables, Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Los Los Los Los uh like like okay Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her her her her her first WNBA I mean uh um um Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay thought - provoking, edgy, award - winning winning winning winning winning films, spearheading a okay um um I mean new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is I I I I I mean you know okay uh often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Chair of Electrical okay um uh you know Engineering and and and and and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - like like like like like like uh so based, amateur handball club registered in the England England England England England Handball Association, I mean so uh uh which hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of of of of of Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an an an an an American um you know um um actor best known for playing playing playing playing playing Deputy Police Commissioner William okay okay well uh Rawls Rawls Rawls Rawls Rawls on HBO series 'The Wire' from well uh um um um um um uh 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the the the the the whole okay well um uh Ward End site site site site site and further expand Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September September September September September 20, like I mean you know you know 1965) was was was was was born near McComb and attended the University of of of of of Mississippi uh like you know like where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country country country country country um well you know uh music singer Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after after after after after a career okay like so I mean on on on on on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary uh so okay uh character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration um um um um um uh I mean uh which only flew twice before, before, before, before, before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant the contestant the contestant the contestant the contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, State, State, State, State, he attended a like okay okay um few catholic seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries before he became a like okay like like priest, he he he he he was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it is thought that the first school in the USA you know know know know know I mean I mean you know to introduce RFID technology was was was was was Spring Independent School District near Houston, you know know know know know so well like Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 000 students RFID badges like I mean okay so to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, fort Hill, fort Hill, fort Hill, fort Hill, also also also also also known as the John C. Calhoun like I I I I I mean well okay Mansion and Library, was originally built as as as as as a um well um like four room house about 1803 1803 1803 1803 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while while while while while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced you you you you you know like well you know that it had bought bought bought bought bought the Threefoot Building from a private developer, um I I I I I mean you know I mean hoping that that that that that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for for for for for the first time uh uh well you know due due due due due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a a a a a 4 um uh you know so -- 0 home home home home home win against Nuremberg; he also scored so you know know know know know like you know the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the official official official official official uh uh you know you know religion as a way way way way way for people to seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family family family family family were incarcerated in a so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which which which which which was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category each category each category each category category category category category each category had one question with two possible answers; answers; answers; answers; answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell larry Donnell larry Donnell larry Donnell larry Donnell Donnell Donnell Donnell Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean an American professional basketball player for the the the the the Los Angeles okay like okay you know Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm firm firm firm firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a a a a a visual disturbance, well I mean so well with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community the community the community the community the community looks looks looks looks looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is exposed so so so so so so so so as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located 20 well you you you you you know so okay km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City garden City garden City garden City garden City City City City City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & & & & & I mean uh so I mean Britton, worked in in in in in advertising in Chicago, and was the so well uh well well well well well first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council student council student council student council student council president president president president president candidate and top student, who badly well so okay like like like like like desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) is is is is is uh uh okay well a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean the Premier League season in a a a a a 2 -- 2 draw um I mean like um um um um um at home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier uh so so so so so um I mean scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Loc Loc Loc Loc Ninh you know um um like was entrusted entrusted entrusted entrusted entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry Division, Division, Division, Division, Division, okay well so um commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Cavalry Cavalry Cavalry Cavalry I mean like well so Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a um um um um um you know okay well summer league for college college college college college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, um um I mean mean mean mean mean well and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE GCE GCE GCE GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide wide wide wide wide okay um um so margins in single - candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate votes, although there uh um I mean well well well well well is room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly led led led led led you know uh well uh astray by the troublesome troublesome troublesome troublesome troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the the the the the Greater okay um well I mean Los Angeles Area Area Area Area Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair uh uh uh uh uh um you know like became a recurring role starting in in in in in the 1945 - 46 um okay like um season, and and and and and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took like like like like like like um so over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like League of of of of of Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm the I mean mean mean mean mean like uh like world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where dismounts dismounts dismounts dismounts dismounts go, you know okay uh I mean do what what what what what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' carry so okay like like like like like I mean of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of so so like like like like like uh employees and their families travelled by steamer to to to to to Brisbane, uh um I mean well disembarked in Moreton Moreton Moreton Moreton Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and I mean well well well well well okay you know supplies, set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of well well well well well so well I mean evolving musical styles, many of the the the the the later conceived artists in okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean I mean the 80's and 90's are highly influenced by by by by by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after after after after after a demonstration outside okay uh um well Downing Downing Downing Downing Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered he offered he offered he offered he he he he he offered to pay $ 34, 187 in I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know okay back rent on the land to the Bureau of of of of of Land um you know well you know Management, but but but but but the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu pu pu pu pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to um um um um um like you know okay put to paper a series series series series series of captivating, colorful stories, where so I mean like you know know know know know the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in uh uh uh uh uh um so so the Gregory - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a a a a a Crime like I mean well uh film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows I mean um um um um um uh so 'Rune Klan Går Large' and 'Det Blå Blå Blå Blå Blå Show' who well uh like so both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of of of of of the 23rd okay okay um so Brigade was exposed and and and and and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his I mean mean mean mean mean um okay well travels, which describes the interior with with with with with an accuracy no okay okay like well subsequent traveller has has has has has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks singapore ranks singapore ranks singapore ranks ranks ranks ranks ranks singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in um um um um um you know so like test scores in math, science, science, science, science, science, and literacy, s listed as one you know um um um um um you know like of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held on on on on on I mean so like you know the road course course course course course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues this continues this continues this continues this continues in in in in in Hard Luck, where he okay well well so is is is is is the main antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend uh uh uh uh uh well um you know Abigail, though in the the the the the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she eventually she eventually she eventually she eventually she she she she she left the family out of desperation; in Season 8, okay okay okay okay okay okay well so she contacts Booth for the first time time time time time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work the work the work the work work work work work the work of Shabeeba is significant, being the you know know know know know so you know I mean only leftist youth organization in in in in in the whole area of you know so like okay the the the the the Persian Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and and and and and from well like okay like 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, uh so so so so so uh I mean based on the life of Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will Will Will Will Will about you know um okay like Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia from um well you know um 1994 -- 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like his drinking became chronic, and led led led led led to a severe like I mean you know know know know know um nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members other members other members other members members members members members other members of the team became jealous of of of of of okay well well well the tall, handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a uh okay well well well well well I mean Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the the the the the Garth Estate, Member well uh uh um of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so by Reverend John Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose okay um uh I mean house house house house house in St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell so so so so so so okay so had stated Cerofisi was 'one of the the the the the toughest men so you know well I mean in in in in in the world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay least 6 homicides, however however however however however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a a a a a I mean uh uh you know reverse auction, as back back back back back loads and part loads so well so uh often require require require require require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off - road road road road road like I mean well well vehicles planted two bombs, after after after after after their detonation, they um okay you know uh opened fire fire fire fire fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well people marched through west west west west west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD you you you you you know uh okay well with the group Dig Dat Hole with with with with with future Cop Shoot uh well okay um Cop collaborator Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded well um okay you know an album named Kneejerk Kneejerk Kneejerk Kneejerk Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores stores stores stores stores I mean you know okay well are named Idea Mini, Mini, Mini, Mini, Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from okay you you you you you know you know um the Leni Lenape Indians in in in in in 1683, the park covers an so okay okay um area area area area area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for like okay okay okay okay okay okay so 'Audience No. 2', the first single released released released released released on May 21st like like I mean like 2008, along along along along along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and okay I mean well well well well well um a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a you know know know know know so you know I mean visionary and virtuoso of this art art art art art took Koothu and um you know um I mean Kudiyattam outside the the the the the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional like like like like like so uh like drama based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in so uh um um um um um uh his participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before well well well well well okay you know so Corll vacated the address on on on on on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and um um you know know know know know like Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from the the the the the I mean so so uh Philadelphia High School for for for for for Girls in 1974 I mean so I mean um um um um um and from 1990 to 1994, she was a so uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they are are are are are okay like okay like heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the the the the the remaining like like so you know water in the the the the the plant and occur on the leaves you know I mean you you you you you know okay of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra and and and and and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County uh uh uh uh uh well you know I mean Louth, Republic of Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which okay well I mean mean mean mean mean like he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and and and and and audiences, is so like so like the best - - - - - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' series like I I I I I mean you know you know and was considered by by by by by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back you know know know know know so I mean um to several earlier blues blues blues blues blues songs and it has you know you know I I I I I mean so been suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th Montgomery County well you know like you know (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in so um um um um um well so their 2nd outdoor game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the General Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert E uh okay you know like. Lee and and and and and it bears a Confederate flag on its roof, uh um I I I I I mean like and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where where where where where so I mean uh I mean the events of 'Resident Evil Evil Evil Evil Evil 3' are revisited I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay in the 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 you know I I I I I mean uh um made a return to International Handball Handball Handball Handball Handball with four appearances for um like I mean well Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last last last last last name Bartlett (2009) I mean well okay so so so so so and the town has a pub, a general store store store store store uh okay I mean uh and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, steve Ogden, steve Ogden, steve Ogden, steve Ogden, the Bryan Bryan Bryan Bryan Bryan Republican who was elected in 1996 uh uh uh uh uh uh so um to Moore's former seat and still still still still still serves in the um like uh like chamber, called called called called called Moore' one of the giants of Texas well um you know know know know know like politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but like like like like like um um I mean after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly unexpectedly unexpectedly unexpectedly unexpectedly wins I mean I mean okay so the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased I I I I I mean uh you know you know to around 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of like um I mean mean mean mean mean like the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in in in in in harmony with like uh um um their nephew when when when when when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet so like so well officials that same day, who asked asked asked asked asked if he wanted to return well like well so so so so so to the United States; he insisted to them that well well well well well you know like so he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains it contains it contains it contains it it it it it contains more extras than the previously released US okay well well well well well okay I mean set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve the the the the the uh like so okay city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm uh you know know know know know um I mean and blues scene in London, then traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled on to okay uh you know well Sweden as a a a a a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and and and and and Technology like um like okay in Tehran in in in in in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing okay like like like like like uh like with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the the the the the Marshals) I mean like you know okay of today, and and and and and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third third third third third so well like you know husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 on 1 on 1 on 1 1 1 1 1 on 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the the the the the '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of you know you you you you you know you know you know excluding the pledge; quoted members said they they they they they found the 'under well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season making I I I I I mean so okay um a total of seven appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances in his first season as okay like um so a a a a a professional, making his debut as a substitute for Orient Orient Orient Orient Orient like okay I mean like in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases the Diseases Database Database Database Database Database is based around a collection of about 8, um um um um um you know so um 500 concepts, called 'items', 'items', 'items', 'items', 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish General Sir so okay well well Alexander Leslie, Leslie, Leslie, Leslie, Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median the median the median the median the the the the the median income for a household in the the the the the you know well I mean well city is is is is is $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul like uh so so so so so uh and David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working working working working working so okay like um freelance; the brothers wanted a a a a a software that would let them like well I mean so track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light for uh uh uh uh uh like like well anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount amount amount amount amount of geothermal um well uh well heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, well like um um 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of part of part of part of part part part part part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition like like so I mean Universelle' of 1900 in in in in in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known initially known initially known initially known initially initially initially initially initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part part part part part so I mean um like of the AND AND AND AND AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, okay um I mean you know know know know know the center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands okay um okay okay okay okay okay um of raiders which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know escaped deserters from the Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing okay okay okay okay okay so uh like and directing 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the the the the the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Massachusetts, okay well so so attended the University of Rhode Island Island Island Island Island and Stutz played I mean I mean so like three three three three three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association I mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate like like like like like like so you know the three ships were forced forced forced forced forced to stop in you know like I mean like Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles for repair and on 13 April General MacArthur like like like like like okay well well reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait bait bait bait bait um well so like to lure Ex-Aid and and and and and Brave, in which Snipe so so you know you know know know know know later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Lane so like I mean so remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to due to due to due to due due due due due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am quite well well well well well so you know well knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With like like like like like okay I mean okay the purchase of the money money money money money - losing, $ 300 million uh you know like like like like like you know in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Snyders Snyders Snyders Snyders Drug Store chain; in like uh uh I mean 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, Smith, Smith, Smith, Smith, okay you know I mean so who was sworn sworn sworn sworn sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is worton is worton is worton is worton is is is is is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales um um um um um so well okay in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers so so so so so okay um um positioned machine guns in the towers of of of of of Schloss Allner and opened uh okay well well fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span well uh uh uh uh uh okay you know one kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean neck for $ 130 from from from from from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart heart heart heart heart with Dolly, and acknowledges I mean well uh I I I I I mean that her ex is now with a woman uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well fifteen years younger than than than than than her with a baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), 1840), 1840), 1840), 1840), entered like okay well I mean the employment of the the the the the king of Sweden as uh um like you you you you you know surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an like like like like like like I mean you know American film and television television television television television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana 'Yana 'Yana 'Yana 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is well um uh you you you you you know a famous Arabic language song in Egyptian Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic so so I mean like by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer singer singer singer singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in included in included in included in included included included included included in this forecast was another revision in the okay well well well well well um um projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the so so so so so you know like well previous estimate of $ $ $ $ $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 so so so so so so so like million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 um um um um um well you know you know November 1886) was the the the the the first African - American to graduate so well like like like like like well from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and and and and and so uh uh okay butcher him for stew meat, telling telling telling telling telling the rest like so like well of the family that they will will will will will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school school school school school did not so okay um like have a large budget budget budget budget budget and coach Erk Russell well you know um um um um um um ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to to to to to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at at at at at Oxford um uh uh like University in 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his his his his his daughter's legal I mean you know you know uh problems problems problems problems problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented well well well well well well uh well by two lawyers who told the the the the the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his during his during his during his during his 19 19 19 19 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he I I I I I mean um okay uh threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed okay I mean so so so so so um he was not short - listed for the the the the the top job well um I mean well but applied applied applied applied applied after he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September in September in September in September in in in in in September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks Turks Turks Turks Turks I mean so you know uh and Caicos Caicos Caicos Caicos Caicos Islands when the region was struck by um I mean you know know know know know you know Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months four months four months four months four four four four four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian you you you you you know so you know um authorities in Cali during March 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, accused of having shipped um uh well so 150 kilograms of of of of of cocaine to the US in 1990, well like um um um um um like a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean the Ocean the Ocean the Ocean the Ocean Observatories Observatories Observatories Observatories Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by uh so like you you you you you know the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and data data data data data products like like you know um for a 25 - - - - - year - plus time period like you know I mean so so so so so within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, Tutti, a like um so you know restaurant in downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was was was was was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work work work work work for uh like like you know a while, resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the southern southern southern southern southern I mean um okay so states and then Cash began began began began began to tour with Elvis you know you know so so so so so I mean Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may you know know know know know you know I mean well be effectively required required required required required in order to work, which is um okay like like like like like uh why some people use the term common common common common common - interest I mean um I mean you know association association association association association to describe groups which form out of a okay so so so so so like I mean common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - jung - jung - jung jung jung jung jung - jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, um okay so like 1944) is a Korean cognitive cognitive cognitive cognitive cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist okay I mean okay so studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update an update an update an update an update update update update update to this report was released in uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean well November 2010 which outlined many new developments, including including including including including the okay like uh um impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( morality ( morality ( morality ( ( ( ( ( morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) ) ) ) ) you know okay well so is the differentiation of intentions, intentions, intentions, intentions, intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon Diamond' um so um uh or 'Pokémon Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' as soon as the player has gained so well well well well well well um access to the Jubilife TV Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, assuming that the I mean you know you know so so so so so player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition in addition in addition in addition in addition to to to to to his military service, due so you know okay well well well well well to the influence of the 2nd Duke of of of of of Newcastle, uh uh well okay he was a Member of Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left left left left left like I mean okay um their imprint, partly because Wellington Wellington Wellington Wellington Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 so uh so I I I I I mean after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some 40 so well well well well well so so km to the NW) on his way way way way way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 team you know you know I mean uh with with with with with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and he he he he he well I mean you know like was selected for for for for for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role the role the role the role the role role role role role is defined in standard forms of contract such such such such such as well okay I mean I mean those published by the the the the the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of clerks of clerks of clerks clerks clerks clerks clerks of clerks of Works uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her her her her her local okay okay okay well homeport operating areas before her her her her her next WESTPAC deployment in you know know know know know um like um October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March on March on March on March on March March March March March 1, 2007, he was released one year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the the the the the uh um um okay end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the the the the the 17th century, so uh okay you know when the Habsburg Habsburg Habsburg Habsburg Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three uh you you you you you know uh well administrative districts, given by the scholar Johann Johann Johann Johann Johann Weikhard von uh uh so well Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, father Reder, father Reder, father Reder, Reder, Reder, Reder, Reder, father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives arrives arrives arrives arrives uh so um uh to give the patient the last last last last last rites, but Bernhardi refuses well so so um him him him him him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would would would would would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers Cavaliers Cavaliers Cavaliers Cavaliers so well well I mean got off to a strong start start start start start winning their um you know uh so first four games games games games games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the I I I I I mean like uh uh water, bikini - clad, resulting in the the the the the two girls well uh okay so having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests interests interests interests interests feared the growth you know okay um so of of of of of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well New Jersey) nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed 'J - Hey' is um like well well well well well uh a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest so um um um um um like well providers of workforce training, adult literacy literacy literacy literacy literacy programs, and non-credit classes um uh okay I mean in a a a a a four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese War War War War War like okay uh I mean in 1937, Japanese troops overran overran overran overran overran the salterns in North well I mean um you know China China China China China and soon more than half the salt revenue well I I I I I mean you know well was either not collected, collected, collected, collected, collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland uh uh uh uh uh um okay so Athletics in 1989 to win win win win win the World Series after losing in you know I mean I I I I I mean well the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker worker worker worker worker well so I mean um in the early Seventies and and and and and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was hanlon was hanlon was hanlon was hanlon hanlon hanlon hanlon hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first first first first first ten um well well like weeks of the the the the the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although although although although although um um well okay the original distribution via via via via via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the the the the the like well uh I mean power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese the Japanese the Japanese the Japanese the the the the the Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit of uh uh well um the plant being used: in all all all all all cases, they must I mean so um okay look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest like like like like like um I mean you know caused some embarrassment to Japan, but but but but but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action action action action action and was I mean I mean I mean well also also also also also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean Westminster politics when he he he he he lost office in 1992, as okay um like uh uh uh uh uh the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred referred referred referred referred okay well uh um to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with with with with with 94 well um um I mean. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before the the the the the punishment I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' I mean so you know well and 'Mini Mandarin', all all all all all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U U U U U. S like okay uh uh. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems I I I I I mean well well you know and painting, and the abstracts abstracts abstracts abstracts abstracts spun a variety of responses: I mean um you know know know know know well divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a a a a a okay well so um lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built built built built built by Leyland Motors between I mean okay you know know know know know so 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when when when when when so like you know um he was age 18 18 18 18 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions you know like okay you know for this album, album, album, album, album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two two two two two years um okay like so of emergency but the discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent lead to a wave in I mean well well uh favour favour favour favour favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft the draft the draft the draft the the the the the draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely so so so so so well so um NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) (unresolved) (unresolved) (unresolved) (unresolved) term that like you know so I mean has fallen out out out out out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams kimberlé Williams kimberlé Williams kimberlé Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American American American American American civil rights I mean um uh um advocate, scholar in the the the the the field of critical race theory, and so well um like like like like like a professor at UCLA School of Law you know you you you you you know well so and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English English English English English so so I mean I mean journalist, journalist, journalist, journalist, journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local various local various local various local various local local local local local media reports claim that the school management well well well well well well I mean you know had destroyed or atleast tried to to to to to hide like um so so the evidence before before before before before the police arrived and they I mean so so so so so I mean I mean alleged that fellow students were asked asked asked asked asked to wash spilled I mean well um like blood blood blood blood blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay a well known South African brand brand brand brand brand of rusks - a I mean I mean so so so so so um traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, 1877, 1877, 1877, 1877, General Oliver um well okay so O. Howard Howard Howard Howard Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did not like okay okay okay okay okay like well relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a so so so so so well uh okay function of all the forces acting on on on on on the plate; however, like uh well uh therein remains the the the the the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league league league league league footballer who I mean okay uh like played played played played played in the 1950s, playing at representative level for like like like like like okay so well Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United the United the United the United United United United United the United States presidential election of 1876 was um um um um um like uh I mean the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured captured captured captured captured um I mean so you know that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the the the the the 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap trap trap trap trap and like uh well like cut off the column column column column column of armoured cars in the valley; over 30 uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in 1982, in in in in in 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs departs departs departs departs with the I mean uh I mean like stepstool stepstool stepstool stepstool stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak Sansa with the well well well well well uh so okay Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic the Slavic the Slavic the Slavic the Slavic Slavic Slavic Slavic Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by so so so so so okay well uh the Nazis, the Nazis feared feared feared feared feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men okay well well well well well uh like in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could could could could could enroll in the Ladies well um so I I I I I mean Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes cecil Rhodes Rhodes Rhodes Rhodes Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) well um um um um um well I mean was an American businessperson businessperson businessperson businessperson businessperson and politician. The Democrat King served well uh um um um um um I mean as the first United States Representative from California's 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th well well uh so congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to to to to to the I mean so well well Bus Station, a a a a a transport congestion started forming in the station, okay well okay okay okay okay okay you know and as a result bus stations started spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading towards uh um you know I mean the surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the the the the the like you know like I mean local university university university university university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 1685 1685 1685 1685 uh like you know you know a village of of of of of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first in like you know know know know know like like Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House House House House House of um uh um like Lords, Lord Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei also takes an interest in you know I mean um um um um um uh British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and and and and and so I mean well so also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is simon is simon is simon is simon simon simon simon simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly constantly constantly constantly constantly innovating the well um okay well sport as well well well well well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, um like um like like like like like and the second time he told him that he he he he he you know I mean so okay had decided to to to to to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on on on on on uh okay um like the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta TransJakarta TransJakarta TransJakarta TransJakarta bus rapid transit which like uh um um is is is is is the longest bus rapid transit system in like like like like like I mean like I mean the world, boasting some some some some some in 13 corridors and 10 so I mean you you you you you know you know cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep so so so so so you know like like interest in social justice and a a a a a gifted linguist from an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, I mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay Wisconsin, and he describes himself as as as as as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is is is is is largely localized to I mean you know um uh small small small small small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket and you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a a a a a coiled -- coiled like like well so interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes County School School School School School you know so okay so DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 in I mean I mean well so Pirituba principality of of of of of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from well so um like like like like like a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County County County County County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation the operation the operation the the the the the operation the operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end end end end end I mean uh well I mean of 25 June and the the the the the 49th Division continued the attack southwards you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay until 1 July, when the division saw off off off off off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away like so um um um um um okay reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, the only um okay uh you know child of of of of of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother like well so like is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining uh uh uh uh uh um uh okay up and passing under Kentish Town Town Town Town Town and Kings well you know I mean you know Cross, Cross, Cross, Cross, Cross, running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some some some some some Egyptologists like so well you know such as Von Beckerath -- -- -- -- -- in his 1997 okay um I mean so book Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan like uh uh uh uh uh you know um Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B - - - - - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre pierre pierre pierre pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Deland, Deland, Deland, Deland, Deland, violinist um okay like okay of the royal chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Deland was from you know like like like like like I mean like Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the the the the the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling um um um um um like so like unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world is is is is is you know I mean um like children, and, and, and, and, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay like like okay okay okay okay okay well to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is is is is is one you know okay I mean well of the the the the the most popular and influential actors of like well I mean mean mean mean mean well Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero uh well well well well well I mean uh Award for the prom as well well well well well as the Bob Speltzer so well like so Community Service Service Service Service Service Award by the Q Center for his I mean um um um um um okay you know work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero okay so um uh Award in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan Logan Logan Logan Logan you know like uh I mean into molten molten molten molten molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, used well well well well well uh like you know pigeon Island as his his his his his base, he forged an agreement with like like I I I I I mean you know the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 ) is well so well like a Swedish politician who who who who who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her daughters, uh uh uh uh uh you know you know um (Tania and Mariah) and and and and and twin sons ( Kanani and you know okay well well well well well I mean Keli'i ) all four who help help help help help run the center I mean like uh so. , and Villalobos' Villalobos' Villalobos' Villalobos' Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was he was he was he was he was educated at at at at at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the during the during the during the during during during during during the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy losses um so okay well due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, resistance, resistance, resistance, resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually fell in um you know uh uh uh uh uh so Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into okay okay okay okay okay so like um the incident, which will include salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging salvaging the fuselages of uh well I mean so the the the the the two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb well well well well well okay you know you know beneath Jake's Jake's Jake's Jake's Jake's porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two two two two two decades, um okay okay well and Henry was subject subject subject subject subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; I mean well so so so so so so but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, 'which was like like like like like uh well I mean featured as the' exit song song song song song 'during the seventh season uh okay uh so of of of of of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that that that that that in like um um you know itself does not not not not not prove that Bess was in service at Bradgate Bradgate Bradgate Bradgate Bradgate you know uh I mean so and it remains remains remains remains remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of of of of of her parents' death well well uh okay in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado dalton Maldonado dalton Maldonado dalton Maldonado dalton dalton dalton dalton dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high well well well well well like so um school basketball player, and in 2015 was was was was was featured as well so like uh one of the most influential influential influential influential influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be be be be be so you know um you know given as 5. 6 6 6 6 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches uh like like you know know know know know 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay fort Mackay fort Mackay fort Mackay fort Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to uh um uh um um um um um service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources like like like like like okay uh okay Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), TSX), TSX), TSX), TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive internal well like so uh reconstruction to a design by by by by by Architect George Coles; almost all like I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 well well well well well you know I mean so February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene the scene the scene the scene the scene scene scene scene scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals uh like so so occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, Kaikoura, Kaikoura, Kaikoura, Kaikoura, and local reggae artists um um uh like are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped uh um so uh to the reserves, missing out on on on on on an appearance in like uh uh you know the final final final final final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the king's brother like like like like like like uh uh Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas did not well so you know like ask for the the the the the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great great great great great you know uh so like scientists and researchers that Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley Crowley worked with over the uh um well like years, among among among among among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with like like like like like I mean okay um a cat mask, which is is is is is the only part of okay um well um her her her her her visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly highly highly highly highly so um you know uh efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in uh um um um um um so so love with each other again and after an argument, argument, argument, argument, argument, like uh um so Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files like like like like like uh uh I mean occupy a multiple of sectors regardless of of of of of the file's actual size files I mean so well you you you you you know that do not fill a whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend well uh uh uh uh uh okay so was a student of the Hong Kong Institute you you you you you know um you know like of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that the well well well well well okay like I mean artisans say is chemically unique unique unique unique unique but at current rates well okay you know um of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is is is is is like so I mean um also an overall champion titled titled titled titled titled the All - Around Cowboy, all I mean well um um um um um well eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the Kalush Kalush Kalush Kalush Kalush District I mean uh you know I mean of Galiсia, Galiсia, Galiсia, Galiсia, Galiсia, then part of the Austro - Hungarian like like so so so so so so Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the the the the the Hatfield warehouse during 1988, um uh uh like the the the the the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J. Mallerich was apparently offered offered offered offered offered uh like so uh any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý Holý Holý Holý Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech I mean mean mean mean mean you know well like football goalkeeper currently playing playing playing playing playing for Gillingham after signing a well okay you know know know know know like two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical mythical mythical mythical mythical uh um well well Strait of Anián and the Island Island Island Island Island of California, which according to well you know you you you you you know so a previously published romance novel in Spain, was was was was was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh on October October October October October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was I mean mean mean mean mean well like okay one of the oldest Catholic bishops; he still still still still still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke um um um um um okay like so Fraser (born 15 December 1983), 1983), 1983), 1983), 1983), is a New Zealand musician best okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team team team team team based in um like so so Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a well you know know know know know um uh Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good good good good good reviews so well you know okay on GodsOfMusic. Com, Com, Com, Com, Com, on listen. Com and has earned well you know know know know know uh so distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3. Com, Com, Com, Com, Com, gained com, gained com, gained com, gained com, gained uh uh uh uh uh so um uh a profitable orbit on mp3. Com Com Com Com Com and com and com and com and com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian I mean so well okay Maya society can be be be be be inferred only from their elaborate burial well okay okay okay okay okay you know well sMaya societies include Toniná, a a a a a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became so so so so so like okay um its first honorary president and, upon his death, death, death, death, death, was succeeded by so so like uh the Prince Arthur, Arthur, Arthur, Arthur, Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is okay um um um um um so like an American rock musician from Detroit that that that that that is most um well I mean I mean popular for his his his his his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of so so so so so uh well I mean the E class, supplied by Neilson and and and and and Company in well like you know um 1904, and and and and and in the same year the Central South well well well well well um so well African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to like so um um um um um um the cupboard to see if Fanny's hat was there, there, there, there, there, but well like I mean well the door closed behind her her her her her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) Schools) Schools) Schools) Schools) is well well so um a PK -- 12 graded graded graded graded graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate um uh I I I I I mean I mean with Tulasnellaceae, while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - major - major - major - major major major major major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April you you you you you know okay um so 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was was was was was a British general well well like well who is is is is is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart chart chart chart chart you know uh I mean okay for one week week week week week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole tour tour tour tour tour um like I mean so in Australia will approximately earn earn earn earn earn $ 56 million, though, with well okay so so the addition addition addition addition addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and like like like like like um like uh in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Act was signed into you know I mean mean mean mean mean um okay law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that that that that that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is russell is russell is russell is is is is is russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward with with with with with a uh like so okay futuristic man named Cuber; Cuber; Cuber; Cuber; Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so um uh uh uh uh uh you know like that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission the mission the mission the mission the mission mission mission mission mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air well well well well well you know you know you know Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was like okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean created in 1965 and covers covers covers covers covers the ceremonial county of uh like like you know know know know know Greater London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' Plane' Plane' Plane' Plane' is a rock song originally by Status uh like well you you you you you know Quo, which was released as a single in in in in in 1972 (reaching okay well like um number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay Area. By By By By By okay by okay by okay by okay by by by by by okay okay you know you know 2030 San Ramon will will will will will have 81, 700 residents so okay you know uh making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, potato, potato, potato, potato, uh well I mean so Christina thought that the the the the the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, the you know I I I I I mean I mean so gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species selection selection selection selection selection is like like okay okay S. J. Gould who has has has has has proposed the view that um you know so so there there there there there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond the okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks the Turks the Turks the Turks the the the the the Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two two two two two so well like like years Thrace was in the hands hands hands hands hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at at at at at the um so I mean I mean Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and you know um uh like his his his his his wife had agreed to an amicable separation like like like like like like like okay and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land nordenskiöld Land Land Land Land Land is the warmest and wettest part of the well well well well well um uh okay archipelago, caused by the convergence of of of of of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other like like like like like like like I mean of the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The uh um um um um um uh I mean Case of Gabriel Perry', and and and and and spent the remainder of um um so well the decade decade decade decade decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only today, only today, only today, only today, only passenger passenger passenger passenger passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is like I I I I I mean uh so within a song featuring producer producer producer producer producer and lyricist Rebel I mean I mean you know like like like like like MC, in which a sample was taken from okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO 4 4 4 4 4 um you know uh well and have framework structures structures structures structures structures with microporous cavities and the frameworks well like so so so so so so are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one um um um um um so well like by one; the two older ran off, off, off, off, off, but the I mean uh okay uh youngest set set set set set out, having asked for food, and when the okay so so so so so so like troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf so uh um okay okay okay okay okay (d. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems poems poems poems poems um I mean like I mean 'Beowulf' and the the the the the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be well um so you you you you you know a mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film film film film film uh I mean so uh series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & I mean uh like like like like like okay Cataired on Nickelodeon from June 8, 2013 to July July July July July 17, 2014 okay uh um uh. The season introduces, introduces, introduces, introduces, introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style style style style style I mean uh you know so and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 so so so so so uh okay well the scenario of such an alliance alliance alliance alliance alliance seemed plausible to uh okay um like the British public; only only only only only four years later, Britain and France like uh so so so so so okay were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in um um um um um you know you know so the process of developing developing developing developing developing a 10 acre wetland site having already okay okay okay okay okay well um like installed stone paths at a cost cost cost cost cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark Denmark in um uh so um 1991, and the the the the the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and so so so so so okay like like financier, he is the executive chairman & & & & & CEO of you know okay I mean okay Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award you know know know know know so well um - winning filmmaker who has produced and and and and and directed okay well like so over 70 professional productions working on various various various various various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north of of of of of um um um um Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, state, state, state, state, India Lunghar is uh I mean like uh villagers called Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 3, Winter 3, Winter 3, Winter Winter Winter Winter Winter 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, addiction, addiction, addiction, addiction, okay well like uh an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat for the okay I mean I mean so aristocracy, it it it it it was built alongside the lake; the villa so so so so so uh I mean I mean was named after an an an an an elm planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company company company company company founded okay okay um I mean in 1955, that merged merged merged merged merged with another prominent Japanese toy okay I mean well you know know know know know company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor well like like like like like like uh / DJ and is the only child child child child child of a French mother like well well okay and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won she won she won she won she won won won won won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan like like like like like you know well well American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes that that that that that she published seven similar books where well so um like like like like like the lead character is not am ambitious ambitious ambitious ambitious ambitious feminist but you know okay well um is a woman woman woman woman woman based in the home but a sensitive uh um well like like like like like woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in okay so so so so so you know like the space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld Barneveld Barneveld Barneveld Barneveld attempted like uh you know like to pull him back back back back back to congratulate him after their handshake, with the uh well well well well well like you know pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was a devout Anglican in the high well so like like like like like uh church tradition and a benefactor to local churches, paying paying paying paying paying for I mean like well well the restoration of of of of of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a a a a a war against I mean like so okay the Byzantine Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire and against the Turks in the east, so like like like like like like I mean and negotiations of peace had just begun begun begun begun begun with the Emperor Tiberius so I mean uh you know II, II, II, II, II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their I I I I I mean so okay um Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a a a a a strong uh I mean so okay emphasis on chopping and and and and and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer longer longer longer longer a okay you know so okay part of the FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to so so so so so I mean well uh a heart illness and can only only only only only be deciphered to be um you know um uh uh uh uh uh athlete's heart through careful examination by a health care practioner practioner practioner practioner practioner which will so I mean uh um commonly notice notice notice notice notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must you know know know know know you know so well be locked in steel cabinets or safes, safes, safes, safes, safes, with the ammunition you know um well well (and (and (and (and (and bolt if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am you know know know know know so so so Number 8' and parallels a look at at at at at King David's life with his I mean uh you know know know know know so own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced he practiced he practiced he practiced he practiced practiced practiced practiced practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP you know know know know know uh so uh and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming becoming becoming becoming becoming a like like okay um baseball agent and Baseball Operations Operations Operations Operations Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, okay uh I mean I I I I I mean a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into into into into into local government in so like like so Wolverhampton; later returning to to to to to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel like okay okay okay okay okay um uh is a small shed, often built in the the the the the shape of um I mean you know you know a a a a a little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of of of of of providing like so uh you know further education to to to to to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not not not not not well okay I mean okay reflect the current content of of of of of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the so well well well well well well okay 2010 season for the Newark Bears Bears Bears Bears Bears. He hit. 279 so 279 so 279 so 279 so so so so so 279 so okay like okay with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in well well well well well um you know um Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, since then, since then, since then, since since since since since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to well I I I I I mean like like the island and as of 2004, the State State State State State of Florida okay um well so was offering a a a a a site in the Island Gardens project on like um I mean mean mean mean mean well Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field uh um um um um um like uh. The 61st transitioned to the F - - - - - 80 Shooting um you know well like Star and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho uh you know okay um in the opening round round round round round but their domestic campaign ended with a okay you know know know know know so I mean 5th place finish and therefore the team missed missed missed missed missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where where where where where the only food he I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay um has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most the most the most the most the most most most most most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes so so so so so you know okay so the Amoy dialect of southern southern southern southern southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is is is is is an like I mean well like attractive female (believing that that that that that statutory rape is not a crime if uh well well well well well like like the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released he released he released he released he released his his his his his first two recordings in Australia before well um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a I I I I I mean like uh well Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay the first in mid- 1935, 1935, 1935, 1935, 1935, as the committee you know so you know uh launched launched launched launched launched a major probe into utility companies funding well so well well well well well okay opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated in Law and Economics at the University of of of of of um well so well Deusto, and completed follow - up up up up up studies at the École I mean well so so so so so okay Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the the the the the you know well um um 'Senior managers in Government' Government' Government' Government' Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II 1888m 1888m 1888m 1888m 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni okay okay okay okay okay well um um scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to to to to to show uh uh you know I mean off her feet, feet, feet, feet, feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the the the the the Edgartown uh I mean um well School as an instructional instructional instructional instructional instructional technology specialist and as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars well well well well well uh so like appeared in the opening scenes of the the the the the 2008 James well um you know I mean Bond film 'Quantum 'Quantum 'Quantum 'Quantum 'Quantum of Solace', in the car like like okay you you you you you know chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- -- -- -- -- okay well okay you know 27 August 1929) was a a a a a career solider who like well uh you know commanded the the the the the First Battalion of the King's African Rifles okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series until until until until until so well um you know she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection nippon Connection nippon Connection nippon Connection nippon Connection is is is is is a festival for Japanese film which well so well well well well well I mean takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in in in in in Melbourne, well I mean you know well in in in in in the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee 'Dirtee 'Dirtee 'Dirtee 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' okay I mean uh well of Dizzee Rascal's Rascal's Rascal's Rascal's Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - - - - - volume series,' so um so okay Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom Adom Adom Adom Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive uh um well uh sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence I I I I I mean so um uh and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius Julius Julius Julius Julius Penrose, I mean well like well Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā so uh I mean well d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a a a a a continuation in the traditions of the Church okay okay okay okay okay okay um um of the East, one of the oldest Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian churches you know um like well whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest um um um um um okay like um of the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer student who okay well like um moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from uh uh uh uh uh so um like Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated China in the like uh like uh First Sino - - - - - Japanese War to made China discontinue the like um like like like like like um influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of of of of of the uh um uh I mean 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or (or (or (or (or so um um uh Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is is is is is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, like like like like like um uh like 328 performances and won five Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Awards, and you know um like okay the musical musical musical musical musical has been revived four times on Broadway, you know know know know know okay so so becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state state state state state of okay you know so I mean Andhra Pradesh, Pradesh, Pradesh, Pradesh, Pradesh, it is located on the banks of the so so so so so I mean um like Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation Vrij okay so uh so Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release release release release release from you know um so uh prison he was was was was was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first the first the first the first the the the the the first historical reference to the castle occurs in you know know know know know I mean you know so 1191, when King Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard I of England captured it on okay well you you you you you know uh his way to the Third Crusade by by by by by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but um uh okay okay okay okay okay um are attacked by the Air Force, however, they manage like like like like like uh uh like to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as as as as as 'Flame okay um like you know Ministries' CFC launched launched launched launched launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary well so like I mean mean mean mean mean of the organization involved in production of audio - so so so so so you know um uh visual presentations and merchandizing merchandizing merchandizing merchandizing merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know 273, by Roman Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium so so so so so like well um was high, but as the the the the the toxic effects of cadmium okay well like well became apparent, apparent, apparent, apparent, apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced you know I mean I mean uh in most industrialized industrialized industrialized industrialized industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was was was was was okay um uh so presented, which required teams to to to to to locate a harbor in Ajaccio okay you know okay so so so so so and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is is is is is okay I mean you know so the home to Petit Le Le Le Le Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( ( ( ( ( okay so I mean you know Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, uniform, uniform, uniform, uniform, although there so um so I mean is a dress dress dress dress dress code, however in 2006 'Smart I mean you know know know know know um you know Fridays' were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 approximately 97 % % % % % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a so so so so so so well uh Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates graduates graduates graduates graduates holding um uh I mean okay Bachelor's degrees making making making making making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and well um um um um um okay well future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number of boat boat boat boat boat um okay well you know houses marked on old old old old old maps, including two on I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean um the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one um um um um um you know okay well near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional well well well well well well well uh engine and propeller mounted on the the the the the tail of the uh um you know so airship; the rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled seams intended to hold the panels together um you know know know know know like well subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used used used used used for I mean well well I mean the nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is I mean mean mean mean mean well so okay to use a thermistor or or or or or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; I mean um you know know know know know uh both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following the following the following the following the following following following following following off - season, he signed as a well I I I I I mean you know so free agent with the New New New New New York Rangers on okay I mean you know so July July July July July 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs the Arabs the Arabs the Arabs the the the the the Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but I I I I I mean um um I mean the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened you you you you you know like uh like in 1891, and the Chandigarh - - - - - Sahnewal line (also referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony okay okay okay okay okay um so so as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce reduce reduce reduce reduce um um um um vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis including three further trials you know you know uh so did did did did did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry for I mean like I mean uh Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um Alexander could be cut off off off off off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - - - - - I mean okay so um gana (goblin attendants attendants attendants attendants attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- so well well well well well okay uh placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- -- -- -- -- should carry so I mean um well a a a a a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group group group group group well you know well uh formed in 1996 and consists of of of of of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and Mareko and um uh so well well well well well who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the I mean I mean mean mean mean mean uh okay defence of the city just prior to to to to to the Second okay well um like Boer War, though some some some some some are today in ruins, you know well uh uh a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as uh uh uh uh uh like uh I mean Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- -- -- -- -- 26 November 1979) was you know um uh um a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the the the the the so uh so so Cabinet Room, where he warns the the the the the PM that Luke is well um I mean like actually the the the the the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply simply simply simply simply describes like so you know like the order of transmission transmission transmission transmission transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C well well well well well okay like um are being evaluated for their possible use use use use use in cancer, um um okay um but clinical results results results results results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University University University University University of British okay you know okay uh Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives Arytom Arytom Arytom Arytom Arytom uh well I mean um his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during I I I I I mean okay I mean uh his presidency, all to to to to to United States district courts; he did so like like like like like uh well not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean the album) was released as a a a a a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division Division Division Division Division okay so okay like I. UTSA will join the the the the the Western Athletic Conference on well so uh I mean July July July July July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath oath oath oath oath of citizenship okay okay uh okay and in May 1802 1802 1802 1802 1802 in Vienna Scots Church uh uh um like he he he he he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our our our our our brothers well uh um well as aliens, men with whom whom whom whom whom we share a city, you know uh I mean so so so so so but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to to to to to I mean so well um have been sent by the Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah I mean so so so so so uh you know and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian Malaysian Malaysian Malaysian Malaysian police, at least 68 you know well um well well well well well Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team team team team team you know so uh so in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, a former mayor of so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I mean Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at at at at at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land like okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay on the old side of Old MacDonald's MacDonald's MacDonald's MacDonald's MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to dispute the theory and in the special special special special special features okay like so uh section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of of of of of Chicago in like like I mean like 1989, and and and and and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought hall fought hall fought hall fought fought fought fought fought hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly you you you you you know you know um um not always wisely, considering considering considering considering considering that he had a young family um well okay okay okay okay okay okay to care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she she she she she also took you know uh I mean so so so so so part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments I I I I I mean uh you know well and cited a a a a a range of sources supporting the doctrine of the the the the the I mean uh I mean I mean Real Presence, such such such such such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death death death death death well I mean I mean um sentence, which was was was was was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering so so um you know that the demons are are are are are herbivores and eat half uh you know um um their their their their their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that well well well well well okay well I mean is performed in an operatic operatic operatic operatic operatic style, or a song, um okay okay you you you you you know theme or motif from classical music stylized as pop pop pop pop pop. The I mean um okay okay term 'popera' is used used used used used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast mRI contrast mRI contrast mRI contrast mRI mRI mRI mRI mRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body body body body body I mean well so I mean cavities where they are are are are are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the the the the the former German well um so um colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Cotap, Inc. Cotap, Inc. Cotap, Inc Inc Inc Inc Inc. Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile you you you you you know okay uh well messaging application for businesses that that that that that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a um um um um um well I mean well British Labour Party politician, who who who who who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Open Data um um so okay Experience (CODE) appathon on on on on on the the weekend of February so um um so so so so so 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across across across across across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had she had she had she had she she she she she had been brutally raped and murdered there there there there there eight months like uh okay you know earlier by by by by by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey okay well well well well well so I mean - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new another new another new another new another new new new new new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination by I I I I I mean well okay I mean association can also also also also also take a case even if they do um well you you you you you know okay not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or I mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he is quick to anger at the perception of you know know know know know I mean okay so injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Harriet Jones so you know well I mean destroys destroys destroys destroys destroys the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up up up up up like okay you know well with Lois Lane after after after after after his X-ray vision reveals that um well uh so she's pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the the the the the franchise, well I mean I mean uh Lois has a son, son, son, son, son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the well uh um um um um um like Civil War, had served two terms as as as as as president from um okay so you know 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another uh I I I I I mean I mean so well - known station in in in in in the area from 1925 like um um I mean until until until until until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused caused caused caused caused irreversible changes in so um like okay two small small small small small areas of the rat brain, which, however, has significant like like like like like okay like I mean differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability bioavailability bioavailability bioavailability bioavailability well okay well you know of phylloquinone, however, fat added added added added added to it increases bioavailability like uh so uh to to to to to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and and and and and you know you know I mean so which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car the Car the Car the Car Car Car Car Car the Car Park Lake has been described as one of you you you you you know you know okay okay the most famous carp lakes lakes lakes lakes lakes in the country, whilst the Sandhurst so so you know uh lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los well I I I I I mean okay I mean Angeles galleries and has been been been been been collected by among others I mean um like um um um um um Kevin Spacey and is related to J. B. Priestley b. Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley b. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known known known known known as 'Blue Drum' uh you know okay um for for for for for its dark and hint of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, so so so so so uh I mean um and three missing person reports in the the the the the state since okay like I mean well 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet poet poet poet poet Linda Gregg to so well um uh whom whom whom whom whom he was married for six years, and was also also also also also you know um okay uh married to Michiko Michiko Michiko Michiko Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based in well um um um um um uh you know San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was billy was billy was billy was billy was was was was was born with the heart condition tetralogy of Fallot (TOF), I I I I I mean so well so that will require him to undergo undergo undergo undergo undergo at least so you know I mean okay three three three three three open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and and and and and not okay so uh you know 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 you you you you you know like like so ) was a French criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos wear Smith's Smith's Smith's Smith's Smith's I mean okay I mean you know left - - - - - handed glove, this being the reason behind you know like like like like like okay you know him raising his left left left left left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with um so like like like like like like freeway sections of Highways 216 and 16 before you you you you you know you know okay I mean bisecting the city of of of of of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) 2009) 2009) 2009) 2009) I mean well so uh was the principal figure figure figure figure figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, you know so so well well well well well mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic Magic Magic Magic Magic well I mean um you know awards -- platinum platinum platinum platinum platinum is achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving okay um um um um um like well is a legal term for a particular type of of of of of moving I mean you know you know you know traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by uh so so so so so uh okay Swiss entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, comfort, comfort, comfort, comfort, so I mean I mean so design, performance, and later later later later later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class so I mean you know okay S State Championship' for for for for for the past 8 years, recently so well I mean you you you you you know in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi well uh okay so were: the Irish peer Rowland Rowland Rowland Rowland Rowland George Allanson - Winn, I mean so okay you know know know know know 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also also also also also known okay well um you know by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss like like like like like you know okay like of 58 lives and another another another another another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and so so so so so you know okay okay former CEO, Jerry Jarrett in in in in in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor nor nor nor nor okay you know I mean you know the power power power power power of the 76 mm main gun of a um okay okay okay okay okay uh well KV - 1, and the narrower track track track track track width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different different different different different laws so um so uh than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of like like so so so so so okay the metabolic changes seen during fasting, which had been shown shown shown shown shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar svetozar svetozar svetozar svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December (December (December (December (December 13, 1856 -- so okay you know I I I I I mean May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field field field field field marshal like uh well uh who was described as one one one one one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, like like like like like I mean you know like such as structural collapse, cost cost cost cost cost overruns, and / like okay um I mean or or or or or litigation reason, those with experience in the field okay I I I I I mean so like make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company like um okay okay okay okay okay okay B (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American American American American American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation the coronation the coronation the coronation coronation coronation coronation coronation the coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in in in in in early October and I mean okay okay well peace peace peace peace peace between Poland and Sweden could be established in in in in in November so so so so 1705, which allowed the Swedish king king king king king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he he he he he so okay um so keeps his witnessing of Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom Garret's murder to himself I mean you know know know know know um okay lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in in in in in return um uh well you know for his silence silence silence silence silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's well um um um um um so like entry on the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at at at at at so like well well Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in in in in in 1962 and a well so like okay Ph Ph Ph Ph Ph. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology okay you know so so so so so like in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more more more more more okay so you know um recently there has has has has has been a push towards I mean so well so other other other other other types of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University the University the University the University University University University University the University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has has has has has had well um like uh 42 players drafted in in in in in the National Basketball Association (NBA) I mean you know know know know know um I mean while the women's basketball team team team team team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into into into into into I mean I mean you know uh ketosis (assuming (assuming (assuming (assuming (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel novel novel novel novel well so so I mean of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get get get get get like like well um involved, explaining to the the the the the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the the the the the 15th you know well uh uh (Scottish) Division, and despite despite despite despite despite navigation mistakes which slowed down the 159th I mean well well well well well I mean so Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil I mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision you know you know okay so entry, 'I'm Never Giving it Up' Up' Up' Up' Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his following his following his following his following his his his his his Quetta visit and his near - year year year year year I mean well like okay - long stay in Pakistan, he he he he he underwent secondary questioning, but both um um you know you you you you you know times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is he is he is he is he is is is is is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With well um um um um um okay so Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has I mean well I I I I I mean uh posted a 3. 73 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA 73 ERA 73 ERA 73 ERA 73 ERA in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, a 3. 84 I mean okay like uh ERA in in in in in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 94 94 94 94 ERA 94 ERA in 2013, a so okay well okay 3 3 3 3 3. 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words words words words words into like so so I mean the phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two two two two two sides; well um um um if the guest had received an 'empty 'empty 'empty 'empty 'empty door,' I mean like like um a taped response response response response response from the second person was you know well well okay aired, aired, aired, aired, aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman well okay okay okay okay okay like so strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an also, an also, an also, an an an an an also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself you know know know know know I mean um I mean in the uterus can cause cause cause cause cause entanglement with the cord like well like okay okay okay okay okay. A hyperactive ahyperactive ahyperactive ahyperactive ahyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled I I I I I mean uh you know so to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção Acção Acção Acção Acção or okay you know okay so Youth for Change and and and and and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission like I I I I I mean well so among Mozambican youth, the project promotes promotes promotes promotes promotes positive behavior change you know uh like I mean in young young young young young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were were were were were so um so um relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order in order in order in order in order order order order order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, you know well okay okay okay okay okay like Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other unlike other unlike other unlike other unlike other other other other other large cities, Washington's downtown has a well well well well well um well I mean very low skyline; with the the the the the advent of the okay well um okay skyscraper, residents were concerned concerned concerned concerned concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August on August on August on August on August 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but okay you know know know know know okay uh was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been been been been been um um like well with the school before it it it it it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in in in in in I mean I mean well well Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th um you know I mean I mean century, there were opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities for female education in the medieval you know okay okay okay okay okay uh you know Islamic world, writing that women could study, study, study, study, study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 in 1864 in 1864 in 1864 in in in in in 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and I I I I I mean so okay like resumned his practice; he was active in in in in in organizing the okay I mean well so Republican Party in in in in in the state, and was appointed the chair I I I I I mean um like well of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three uh uh like like like like like like mid-season break of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role as as as as as um so so like a commentator on motor sport, first first first first first at SBS um so uh um TV then then then then then on the Nine Network with Darrell uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh Eastlake, then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications with communications with communications with communications with communications communications communications communications communications out, and no way to reach like so like well the the the the the Moon without T - mat, those responsible for so so so so so like um well the system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, Eldred, Eldred, Eldred, Eldred, who has been I mean well okay well privately privately privately privately privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from like so okay okay okay okay okay like 2009 to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed composed composed composed composed I mean like you know uh of 777, 777, 777, 777, 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, I I I I I mean you know I mean okay organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is is is is is well uh okay so a part of Palm Palm Palm Palm Palm Beach County School District, and the like I I I I I mean I mean you know other is in Coconut Coconut Coconut Coconut Coconut Grove, Florida, United uh well you know I mean States, States, States, States, States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan, in Taiwan, Taiwan, Taiwan, Taiwan, Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) and and and and and um you know I mean you know there is is is is is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay 936 F. 2d 692 (Second Cir Cir Cir Cir Cir. 1991), a contract you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), causing them so you know uh you know to continue continue continue continue continue running in Abe's direction and they will only calm okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so down when slapped but the the the the the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then odin then odin then odin then odin then reveals reveals reveals reveals reveals himself to be the last well well okay so of of of of of the race of creatures responsible for creating the the the the the fountain, like okay you know I mean and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean and 1. 8 - litre litre litre litre litre and 2. 0 - litre like you know you know know know know know you know injection gasoline engines; a 2. 0 - - - - - 0- 0- 0- 0- litre diesel followed from I I I I I mean I mean um well 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 6 6 6 6 - 6- 6- 6- 6- litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost My Heart Heart Heart Heart Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship um uh uh uh uh uh so uh Trooper', is the first single by Hot Gossip, Gossip, Gossip, Gossip, Gossip, notable as the I mean like like you know debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded discarded discarded discarded discarded like uh like you know in a ditch close close close close close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: so so uh so so so so so a distance of from where she had been abducted, and and and and and just like you know okay um 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of of of of of um I mean I mean well championship club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national fBLA's national fBLA's national fBLA's national fBLA's national national national national national charity partner is the March of Dimes, and like you you you you you know okay um the March of Dimes provides grants of $ $ $ $ $ 1, 000 uh um I mean like for local chapters and and and and and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and and and and and is um okay well well under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of of of of of uh well well well 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine clandestine clandestine clandestine clandestine radio was found in the I mean uh like well camp, and and and and and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, School, School, School, School, I mean so well like a science and technology college, college, college, college, college, has now closed and I mean um okay uh is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived she survived she survived she survived she she she she she survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are are are are are ethnic okay I mean you know uh Assyrian Assyrian Assyrian Assyrian Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most of whom whom whom whom whom converted like you know like well to catholicism from from from from from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September so you know well well well well well okay 12 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Cornelius Cornelius Cornelius Cornelius Vanderbilt, who um uh you know I mean left left left left left him $ 5 million, and the eldest son son son son son of I mean uh uh uh William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then ekman then ekman then ekman then ekman then then then then then focused on developing techniques for measuring measuring measuring measuring measuring facial muscular um you know so well well well well well movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves had well um well you know moved close to to to to to the front, ready to exploit a you know okay you you you you you know um breakthrough and had advanced on time, then bunched bunched bunched bunched bunched up with uh uh you know well the leading leading leading leading leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway you know know know know know well like you know in the 1960s, nearby parks, parks, parks, parks, parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were so okay like like like like like uh demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice Voice Voice Voice Voice to renew well like so um public interest interest interest interest interest in the band; given that they're pulling out well okay uh uh uh uh uh well all the stops, they deserve all the well you you you you you know like okay acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the well well well well well okay I mean I mean central tower and a team led by by by by by Zelenka works well so you know um to repair the hyperdrive hyperdrive hyperdrive hyperdrive hyperdrive conduits to make them functional okay um I mean you know know know know know before the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal the goal the goal the goal the goal goal goal goal goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or so like like like like like so so finance a property, with the buyer / / / / / investor using as okay I mean like well little of his his his his his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at well well well well well okay you know I mean South Carolina are as as as as as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 uh I mean you you you you you know I mean touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season season season season season for the Gamecocks he set you know so I mean mean mean mean mean you know a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson andrew Brunson andrew Brunson andrew Brunson Brunson Brunson Brunson Brunson andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the the the the the uh well uh you know Izmir Resurrection Church who who who who who was imprisoned on 7 October you know well you know know know know know um 2016, where he stands accused of being a a a a a member well you know you know uh of of of of of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 in 2011 in 2011 in 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 in 2011 the port had an overall traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic of 88 okay so you know I mean million tons, tons, tons, tons, tons, it is located in two main well so um so so so so so sites, in northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque you you you you you know I mean like well and in Fos - sur sur sur sur sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which like like like like like well like I mean offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of of of of of weapons into so well well you know know know know know combat, although the most popular choice is a so you know like like like like like I mean storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped you you you you you know okay you know like out of Frank Lucas High High High High High School over his inability like okay uh well well well well well to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an you you you you you know uh well so English football manager who was also also also also also a I mean um I mean okay player, notably notably notably notably notably at Derby County where he played so well so uh uh uh uh uh 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - so so so so so you know you know like REE - yah) is located in in in in in the central Matale District well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area area area area area uh um um uh dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow so so so so so so okay like Labour majority was eliminated due due due due due to by - election defeats you know like uh okay and and and and and in order to remain in power, Labour formed the so so so so so so you know I mean Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the the the the the Director like uh I mean like of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', Cultures', Cultures', Cultures', Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga Baraga Baraga Baraga Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able well like like like like like um so to escape from Iran to the United States, where where where where where I mean like uh like he currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat the seat the seat the seat the the the the the seat and the position were eventually filled on well well well well well okay uh well August 19, 2013 after the House House House House House began its second ordinary session: I mean well um um um um um I mean so - and - so replaced Ferrer for for for for for representative at - you know so like well large large large large large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, okay well well well well well well okay Dennis Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw Shaw Shaw Shaw Shaw and Peter I mean well I mean so Weibel developed developed developed developed developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research you know okay okay okay okay okay uh uh at The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre Tigre Tigre Tigre Tigre uh I mean you know uh language, which is is is is is spoken in the lowland regions you know okay um um um um um okay of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad to okay like I mean um become the Erie Erie Erie Erie Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin dany Sabourin dany Sabourin dany Sabourin Sabourin Sabourin Sabourin Sabourin dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val like like like like like I mean well so d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number the number the number the number the number number number number number must be unique and may not contain okay you you you you you know okay okay any information about the person to whom it it it it it is uh so like okay assigned i. E. No information such such such such such as e. G like I mean okay uh. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that that that that that he ran uh well uh okay alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so Eszterháza near Dunajská Streda Streda Streda Streda Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the like well you know uh uh uh uh uh settlement does not exist anymore and is not not not not not to like um I mean well be confused with with with with with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about about about about about uh like I mean um the operation and agrees agrees agrees agrees agrees with Ty to get the fuse okay well well well well well so well Mike removed from the engine but but but but but is caught um so uh like trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, sung in four four four four four - part harmony, encompasses uh well um like like like like like a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical classical classical classical classical works uh so um you know on Jewish themes and songs of of of of of many like uh uh so countries but specializes specializes specializes specializes specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her 11th 11th 11th 11th 11th I mean uh I mean well grade, her father was was was was was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side side side side side (much like you know okay so to the worry of of of of of Leo) and relish in I mean so uh um their new new new new new evil powers when a shape - shifting well so uh uh uh uh uh uh warlock and demonic priestess trick Prue into um um um um um like like um a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed you you you you you know you know um so a truce with the Allies Allies Allies Allies Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - um um like like like like like uh SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, in 1984, in 1984, in 1984, 1984, 1984, 1984, 1984, in 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor you you you you you know I mean okay um of Medicine degree, but but but but but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts she attempts she attempts she attempts she she she she she attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) well well well well well like um so around the campfire one night, which which which which which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to like you know okay um instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Stuart Stuart Stuart Stuart so well okay I mean Mullins, a one - night night night night night stand; she is uh uh I mean um um um um um brought up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke etobicoke etobicoke etobicoke etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in you know uh like like like like like well the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and you know well well well well well uh like good nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African uh uh uh uh uh um well like Campaign and ended Axis hopes of of of of of occupying Egypt, taking you know like I mean um um um um um control of the Suez Canal, and gaining um um um um um like you know well access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of so so so so so um okay uh bomb making material and newspaper articles about LTTE LTTE LTTE LTTE LTTE bombings in Sri well you know um so so so so so Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, the third you know uh well you know know know know know son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, whose whose whose whose whose so okay uh well business the youth, when when when when when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for for for for for three so like you know um simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles - area projects for which he I mean I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh helped develop the distinctive concrete textile textile textile textile textile - blocks used well so well so on on on on on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro so like I mean you know Football Hall of Fame Fame Fame Fame Fame and hosts the annual Pro you know you you you you you know I mean you know Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, after this, after this, after this, after after after after after this, Williams' version released another two albums um well well well well well you know like of original material and he went went went went went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, and um you know so I mean in March 2009, two two two two two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's Gate, is okay um so like the first first first first first town one reaches on the Caribbean island of Saba Saba Saba Saba Saba after uh uh like okay leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in their okay okay okay okay okay like like well second - innings, setting the Minor Minor Minor Minor Minor Counties a target okay uh so like of 362, the Minor Minor Minor Minor Minor Counties could only manage I mean okay well so to to to to to make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that that that that that an like like um um actual NWA - affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling well I mean so I I I I I mean appeared on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who well well well well well so like like left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that like um um um um um well I mean they believed the defense's case, and that the the the the the prosecution had not uh okay well okay proven that Till had had had had had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge sub-judge sub-judge sub-judge sub-judge in so uh you know like British India India India India India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year okay okay okay okay okay well well like from December 26 to January 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from from from from from you know I mean okay I mean 30 to 40 40 40 40 40 days and the litter size can vary okay you know so so so so so I mean between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the the the the the the like uh so so Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate intermediate intermediate intermediate intermediate - rail, automated guided line -- I mean um like like like like like you know was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was also the second single you know well so so so so so um from that album, released in June 2001 (see (see (see (see (see 2001 in like uh well like music), with with with with with a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars many scholars many scholars many scholars many many many many many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated like like okay um version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': Leket': the two works are similair in okay uh uh uh uh uh um well content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the the the the the like I mean you know like grandson of former former former former former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 20 20 20 20 COPE so uh um so MPs had defected to to to to to other parties due to internal conflict, including so so so so so well I mean uh the only COPE COPE COPE COPE COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Jello Jello Jello Jello Biafra, I mean so okay so Alain Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the well uh uh uh uh uh um like band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been been been been been so you know okay I mean preparing defenses for for for for for the attack, the operation would clearly um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is you know know know know know like uh uh a statue of Our Lady, overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking the canal, donated by uh like uh so Patrick and and and and and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua project Nicaragua project Nicaragua project Nicaragua Nicaragua Nicaragua Nicaragua Nicaragua project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical like like like like like so like I mean aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and and and and and in the social and economic factors well you you you you you know well like contributing to health, working with with with with with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking lacking lacking lacking lacking a foramen, you know well okay you know 'T. Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing Helsing like well uh you know is jumping into into into into into action through a window, showing a woman is is is is is floating you know you know um uh in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the after the after the after the after after after after after the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant well okay okay okay okay okay so well was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though though though though though a large number okay you know you know like like like like like of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked this marked this marked this marked this this this this this marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's school's school's school's school's well so like you know revolt against Ptolemaic astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among uh so well well well well well well the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - - - - - squeak the um you know so you know Martian allows Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids you know know know know know I mean like okay such as the Scorpiones Scorpiones Scorpiones Scorpiones Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer who who who who who well okay um I mean played in the 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know representative level for England, and at club club club club club level for you know um uh okay Leeds, Leeds, Leeds, Leeds, Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina I mean so um um that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support support support support support like um I mean you know for the army army army army army approaching despite rain in the north, the well well well well well I mean um like family longs to return to to to to to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation since annexation since annexation since annexation since since since since since annexation most of the Girays has lived okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total total total total total of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so so so uh um um um um um she will be released later than Tim Vrågård Vrågård Vrågård Vrågård Vrågård even um I mean um uh though the sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences might not change as her sentence well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, I I I I I mean uh so like as the Blight assumes that that that that that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms forms forms forms forms -- so I mean like okay when indeed we we we we we do have it -- is like you know know know know know I mean so of a higher order than knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge of the mere physical world, um uh you know know know know know so and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato was ozato ozato ozato ozato ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean the Liberal Democratic Party, which which which which which later split from Koichi Kato, the you know I I I I I mean um like man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never far never far never far never far never never never never never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the the the the the new so okay um so cathedral started its first divine divine divine divine divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor I mean like well well district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters previous headmasters previous headmasters previous headmasters previous headmasters include Gill Gill Gill Gill Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and okay okay you know so Joseph B B B B B. Gachanja, the latter having retired well uh um um um um um okay in 2008 after achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in later in later in later in later in in in in in life during the 1970s he taught Physical um I I I I I mean uh so Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School School School School School and took up I mean okay so okay a position position position position position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as as as as as dr. U. N uh so you know I mean. Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, settled and spent his life here carring out well so um um um um um you know researches in ancient history. His historical work work work work work on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika you know uh uh okay (In (In (In (In (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property property property property property so okay you know like presentation or property styling, styling, styling, styling, styling, the techniques have been televised I mean well okay um um um um um by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college campus are like like like like like okay so well on the National Register of Historic Historic Historic Historic Historic Places and are maintained okay um okay okay by by by by by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( ( ( ( ( well so I mean well Jim Travers and Frank Coons, Coons, Coons, Coons, Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), builders okay um well so so so so so of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis so I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, Victoria, Victoria, Victoria, Victoria, um uh uh um Australia, located approximately 45km 45km 45km 45km 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing doing doing doing doing worship doing worship doing worship doing worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, was like like um uh the second - highest - - - - - selling album of you know um um uh that year, and their biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest chart hit since 'For I mean um you know know know know know I mean Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Route Route Route Route Army active like um um uh in Shanxi and and and and and was named the vice-commander of the Second so um um um um um um um War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM the FM the FM the FM FM FM FM FM the FM broadcast band is also used by some okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean inexpensive wireless microphones sold as as as as as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, allowing uh you know know know know know uh okay the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, um um um um um like um uh Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and I I I I I mean well I mean you know is an in demand demand demand demand demand harmonica and piano teacher in NYC. Yvonnick okay I I I I I mean so you know is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at the well well well well well um okay well Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, Houseman, before relocating to you know like okay um Los Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, California to further pursue her career; during this this this this this time um well um um she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller so uh uh like coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta was uh uh like I mean appointed as as as as as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan Carlos so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 January January January January January 2009 Styles took charge of so I mean like like like like like okay this game, and with the scores 1 - - - - - 0 uh so you know uh he wrongly sent off off off off off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled um I mean mean mean mean mean like you know in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time time time time time of its closure you know well okay you know know know know know will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until like like like like like okay like I mean the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre well well well well well so well you know - long landing field field field field field and an apron with a capacity of like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh seven aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough enough enough enough enough for well well so like large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where he he he he he develops you know um uh I mean a crush crush crush crush crush on Garnet before he was turned down, and okay well well well well well uh I mean appears once again in in in in in 'Historical Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living while living while living while living while living in in in in in America, they were contacted by Ner you know I mean mean mean mean mean um like Yisrael Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to to to to to him and like well um well his family being sent sent sent sent sent to Jerusalem where he learned uh so um like for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the the the the the like um well um operating system for malloc and other software software software software software with its own uh you know I mean well versions which which which which which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes Multitudes Multitudes Multitudes Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which I mean so you know like also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian computer so well okay so scientist, a professor of of of of of computer science at the University of well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at at at at at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower lower lower lower lower leagues of Argentine well like like I mean football in 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, he played for four different clubs in the I mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group like like like like like like like like of equivalences that make a paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered tapered tapered tapered tapered you know um okay um at two ends; the the the the the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA well well well well well well well okay rail system near Fort McPherson, which is is is is is slated to like I mean I mean like be closed closed closed closed closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being being being being being like okay uh well diagnosed with a serious fault fault fault fault fault with a heart valve, uh so like um which cost cost cost cost cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones the bones the bones the bones the the the the the bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or like so well well well well well well difuntas) and there is normally a baked tear tear tear tear tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the the the the the dog so so you know I mean - toothed toothed toothed toothed toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - so you you you you you know I mean uh 2 locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado Mikado Mikado Mikado Mikado type, inherited so so you know uh from Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive you know know know know know okay so so was capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and and and and and hydrated so so uh so lime, invented in the vineyards vineyards vineyards vineyards vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr will will will will will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay made, but the only member of of of of of the band featured uh well okay I mean was was was was was Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure from from from from from um okay you know I mean Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive um so okay like made with their long time friend friend friend friend friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, okay so okay like who has has has has has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff Thorburn 13 well well I mean well - 8 8 8 8 8 in which the final was now played I mean mean mean mean mean you know so um in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer well well well well well well okay you know Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the instead the instead the instead the the the the the instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the the the the the okay so so you know captives, which resulted in in in in in the Battle of Magdala, during well I mean okay I I I I I mean which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a a a a a I mean so well you know pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of I I I I I mean you know so um India, the Indian National Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress was supported by many so okay uh so Muslim scholars, leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders and the learned who I mean okay okay well well well well well were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New um uh uh uh uh uh you know so Delhi (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) um okay um I mean is is is is is the premier government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students students students students students to uh okay um so earn an M. B. , , , , , B. S. Degree. Professor um uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within within within within within um so like uh the squad and soon receive receive receive receive receive a call - up to okay well so you know the the the the the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in July you know know know know know I mean you know I mean 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 you you you you you know okay I mean you know In Appian's Appian's Appian's Appian's Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved moved moved moved moved uh um like okay on to an NFL coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching career, beginning his so so like I mean coaching career as a a a a a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and and and and and came like like um you know to live in the the the the the New World where they intermarried um well um you know know know know know with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean show at Lowdown At the the the the the Albany entitled Chris so um uh I mean Neill's Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner Peak Peak Peak Peak Peak was part of a series of horizontal so well well well well well um you know layers, but the strata has been tilted tilted tilted tilted tilted associated with the formation like so I mean so of Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only only only only only um okay you know okay goes to the fair, but but but but but later on that night so uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as as as as as Hallsville) was um um well so first settled when when when when when the train station was settled well okay so you you you you you know around and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west west west west west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals the festivals the festivals the festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals the festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, in like okay I mean so Agrigento (Sicily), while while while while while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily you know know know know know uh well okay on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is is is is is I mean uh well okay a good day to to to to to die ') is illustrated with a okay I mean mean mean mean mean um like story explaining that' This is is is is is an extremely common Klingon locution, you know well okay okay okay okay okay um often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 20 20 20 20 May so like so uh 1987 used to be a a a a a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from so so so so so um so uh the University of Chicago in 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on on on on on which well you know I mean so David was born born born born born and holds a deed well so well you you you you you know is now home to a strategic military military military military military base, and okay um well well if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 from 2003 from 2003 from 2003 from 2003 to 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 the district included the heavily African okay you know uh uh uh uh uh um - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to so so so so so so okay I mean decide a course of action, where where where where where Marge proposes uh like so so that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, um you you you you you know well so USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the the the the the European Bank for you know um um I mean Reconstruction Reconstruction Reconstruction Reconstruction Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon I I I I I mean okay I mean um who's out to kill kill kill kill kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler you know know know know know you know I mean uh suffers a nervous breakdown at at at at at the car wash in front okay okay I I I I I mean you know of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling telling telling telling telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander major Alexander major Alexander major Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster (born 24 I mean I mean um like October October October October October 1974 in London), is the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is is is is is an elevated so so um um pedestrian walkway in North North North North North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, America, America, America, America, Inc so like I mean um. , a Berkshire Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real okay well I mean mean mean mean mean well estate offices and more than 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed uh uh uh uh uh uh so so approximately 16 Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is thujone is thujone is thujone is thujone thujone thujone thujone thujone is most famous for being a compound in the spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit I mean well uh okay absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied he studied and and and and and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends well like like like like like I mean you know in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the from the from the from the from the the the the the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at an an an an an you know I mean so like intersection with LA 1 1 1 1 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, so so so so so okay well uh which highlighted the main factor between between between between between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged merged merged merged merged and reformed you know so okay so Livgrenadjärregementet in in in in in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is is is is is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David David David David David Kennedy of well well I mean um Box Car Racer, as as as as as well as drummer Atom Willard and bassist okay uh you you you you you know um Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who who who who who were primarily so I mean well okay inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released released released released released well uh okay so a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', Edition', Edition', Edition', Edition', while also pairing okay okay well I mean this this this this this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly károly károly károly károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian um um like like like like like well electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned she earned she earned she earned she she she she she earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from from from from from American um um I mean you know University's School School School School School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, I I I I I mean well um like she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University of of of of of uh like um you know Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's Dahl's Dahl's Dahl's Dahl's House, well well you know like in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Bourbon like okay so I mean from from from from from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France so okay okay okay okay okay you know so for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of of of of of director I mean well um you know David Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 thriller um I I I I I mean okay so 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - like like like like like um so I mean Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had well uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean been in the factory for 15 years, years, years, years, years, yet in the uh so um you know last last last last last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan like like like like like well uh uh de Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline offline offline offline offline on May 5, so okay uh okay 2012, and and and and and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect you you you you you know uh uh like Thomas Fuller, who would leave leave leave leave leave England in 1845 for so so well so Antigua Antigua Antigua Antigua Antigua and then Canada where he would go on on on on on to uh so like okay design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at his his his his his uh I mean like well performance media company Socialist Socialist Socialist Socialist Socialist were being approached by you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh small business community members and were unable to help, help, help, help, help, as uh uh okay uh their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes by hand with ice cream; instead, so um um you you you you you know they make shakes in automatic milkshake machines which freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze and like um okay um serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer aaron Kromer Kromer Kromer Kromer Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American so okay you you you you you know um football coach and former player who is is is is is the offensive line like you know well I mean coach coach coach coach coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 A10 A10 A10 A10 in assists in well okay so um a single season season season season season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on I I I I I mean like like so 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is is is is is like well so you know a Canadian professional ice hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey defenceman who is currently plays for so well well well well well I mean I mean the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city of of of of of so um so okay Liverpool and covers the northeast northeast northeast northeast northeast of the city, including Croxteth, um I mean like you you you you you know Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently currently currently currently currently like well I mean um a deputy in the European Parliament, Parliament, Parliament, Parliament, Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent okay okay okay okay okay um uh I mean field test agency of the the the the the Air Force Special Operations Command like uh I mean you you you you you know located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through so okay um um um um um okay eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost northernmost northernmost northernmost northernmost in Scotland uh you know you know okay by only half half half half half a mile, the distillery has so like like well well well well well one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark uh okay so um Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer well I I I I I mean I mean so / engineer Bob Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora you you you you you know you know um well Park had some bright bright bright bright bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, you you you you you know well okay um studied anthropology at the University of of of of of Iowa where like okay like I mean he attended on on on on on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated I mean like uh uh uh uh uh um as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album the album the album the album the album was was was was was certified gold by the British Phonographic well so well well well well well you know Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall you you you you you know um uh uh stones, two aligned aligned aligned aligned aligned along an east - westerly axis and the um so so so so so uh I mean other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis uh uh uh uh uh uh well well on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / I I I I I mean so like uh romantic relationship in the past, past, past, past, past, but he did want so I mean okay uh to marry marry marry marry marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used as as as as as you know like okay you know a substitute for for for for for Composition B in large general purpose and fragmentation uh uh like like like like like okay bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though well well well well well well okay okay this name has fallen out out out out out of favour, and some you know I mean like um um um um um biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, minted, minted, minted, minted, uh you know you know you know a gold gold gold gold gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of like like like like like like uh you know Inverness, Scotland, off the the the the the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, on descent, on descent, on descent, on descent, descent, descent, descent, descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and uh you know you you you you you know uh Ang Phu were unable to return return return return return to Base Four uh so so okay before dark and and and and and were forced to spend the night in in in in in um uh uh um a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and catherine and catherine and catherine and and and and and catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for for for for for okay okay uh uh troops among loyal lords, and managed managed managed managed managed to get uh like like you know 500, but but but but but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish well well well well well well uh um expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center center center center center for the adjacent okay um um like municipalities of Carmen, Carmen, Carmen, Carmen, Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton so like um well but after crowned All All All All All - American Superior and Miss so well uh so so so so so Wright State of OHIO out of high school, she achieved a like like like like like well well you know scholarship to attend Wright State University and and and and and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song song song song song by like okay um okay Canadian singer Shania Twain, it it it it it was the tenth single well okay so uh released released released released released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and its well well well well well well so um special defense is above - - - - - average, making this a good Normal like well well well well well okay you know - type Pokémon, but it is easily easily easily easily easily overshadowed uh well well like by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced he convinced he convinced he convinced he he he he he convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his uh uh so so so so so I mean faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over over over over over perennial presidential okay like so well nominee Earl Dodge's leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership of the party, believing that he uh uh okay okay okay okay okay you know was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story the story the story the story the story story story story story has been has received substantial media coverage; another okay well well well well well well uh paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' Shine' Shine' Shine' Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; image; image; image; image; so um like um but, instead of helping her, her, her, her, her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, round, round, round, round, so well um you know which was judged judged judged judged judged a split draw with scores of you know I mean mean mean mean mean um like 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he okay okay okay okay okay um you know so and Weigel accepted an an an an an invitation from journalist and author Karin okay well okay okay okay okay okay you know Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they they they they they settled in okay like um like a house on the small small small small small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch package like okay you know uh where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds well like so like of years it was greatly transformed transformed transformed transformed transformed in the uh well okay um 19th century by by by by by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park you you you you you know you know well uh at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between uh so so so so so uh well Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures structures structures structures structures as the like um you know I mean section is is is is is situated in a plain, and between well uh like like like like like like Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing so so so so so so okay I mean with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed and occasionally fronting, during which time I mean um well well well well well well he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before the the the the the um so so um 2006 season, and the organizers were were were were were forced to modify the so um I mean well well well well well rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the the the the the 2006 uh uh um so festival season, and forced compliance in in in in in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 census and was drawn like so like I mean so so so so so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, okay you you you you you know well you know though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J J J J J I mean um well uh. Mockridge; but in scenes involving involving involving involving involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon so uh well uh uh uh uh uh and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics um um um um um you know so like start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( bloodlines '( bloodlines '( bloodlines '( bloodlines '( '( '( '( '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is so well I I I I I mean okay a 2012 American horror film written and directed by by by by by Declan um I mean so like O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from from from from from you know you know I mean I mean critics, critics, critics, critics, critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode well I mean mean mean mean mean well like was viewed by by 3. 071 million million million million million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as officers officers officers officers officers okay you know um okay in the Egyptian Army; Army; Army; Army; Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, in 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G uh okay okay okay okay okay uh um. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled an angled an angled an angled an angled angled angled angled angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had elevators elevators elevators elevators elevators you know so you know um with a cut - - - - - out for rudder movement and it well like so so so so so uh had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels on on on on on axles well I mean well um attached to to to to to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from um I I I I I mean well like Johor Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai Senai Senai Senai Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a a a a a species of okay I mean I mean like dogfish shark shark shark shark shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 1940 1940 1940 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as you know I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay the factory was turned over to to to to to produce munitions and after like so uh okay hotsilities hotsilities hotsilities hotsilities hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in in in in in Badrinath and you know well uh um kept a very low low low low low profile and, after many you know like like um um um um um years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena um um um um um so uh uh and got very close to Bal well well well well well I mean um okay Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the the the the the um okay you know so traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking they they they they they are uh uh you know you know essentially the same: same: same: same: same: each noun (or adjective) is in its so you you you you you know I mean I mean (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W W W W W. De Gruyter okay you know so well Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- you know uh uh uh uh uh um uh November 14, 1970) was the head coach coach coach coach coach of the Marshall University I mean well okay well well well well well Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of like like like like like um you know like public amusement, doubtless excelling in this this this this this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta okay uh uh uh uh uh like so Lucca and Ric Moore, the core core core core core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean campaign, which includes includes includes includes includes three weeks of drive - time okay you know know know know know okay you know interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide wide wide wide wide - like like well you know scale fighting during the the the the the first Battle of Smolensk when the like well uh well well well well well city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that that that that that Phil you know I mean um I mean did did did did did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and so so so so so okay um um Jay believes he will also be be be be be implicated, which he okay so well uh is, as a result result result result result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports exports exports exports exports okay uh well you know were recognized in the the the the the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is mia is mia is mia is mia is often often often often often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted & well well like like like like like like Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita the vaquita the vaquita the vaquita the vaquita vaquita vaquita vaquita vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species of I mean um um um um um I mean I mean porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with so so so so so so okay I mean bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban Sundarban Biosphere Reserve well um okay I mean is is is is is the administrative head of the park at the local local local local local well so uh I mean level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or or or or or um like you know uh going overseas especially to the Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle East and well like um like Europe, dependence dependence dependence dependence dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by by by by by okay you know I mean like this marriage she she she she she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha like okay um um um um um you know Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic parish like you know uh okay in New New New New New York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw saw saw saw saw so so you know uh as too theoretical and and and and and he was generally on bad terms like uh so so so so so well with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half half half half half of um uh um you know the 4, 000 plus properties properties properties properties properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) not) not) not) not) became um um like um flustered when the aircraft sank sank sank sank sank faster than anticipated; the stink you know uh like like like like like so bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they they they they they do not um well okay I mean take account of factors such such such such such as soil structure or okay well like well biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved ready ready ready ready ready to you know um uh you know challenge for the the the the the European Cup, eliminating teams like well I mean so so so so so uh Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth well well well well well like so um European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public the public the public the public the the the the the public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin Montenegrin Montenegrin Montenegrin Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have have have have have so um well okay as much as one - - - - - third of the I mean well uh like floor floor floor floor floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as well so so so so so so I mean an avid collector of former former former former former racing vehicles, and his okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player okay uh okay okay who plays for for for for for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, courses, courses, courses, courses, and okay you know so I mean new Dakota pilots pilots pilots pilots pilots received only ad - hoc instruction so um um um um um okay um on the type while serving as the co-pilot co-pilot co-pilot co-pilot co-pilot during operational so well um um tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, cemetery, cemetery, cemetery, cemetery, but I mean like like uh a grander grander grander grander grander destination was planned for the deceased chief executive; um um um um um um well uh in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second second second second second season at well I mean well so Everton where where where where where he was regularly used as back up uh uh uh uh uh like you know I mean for new signing James James James James James Beattie in January 2006, it was so you know you you you you you know well announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved you you you you you know uh so uh in the maintenance of of of of of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its okay okay I I I I I mean uh role in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, Midwest, Midwest, Midwest, Midwest, I mean well you know I mean including Cog Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, Illinois, okay so so so so so so like Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Bellerive Bellerive Bellerive Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in born in born in born in born born born born born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived you know know know know know um so like on the inter-county scene at the the the the the age of you know like I mean you know know know know know sixteen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player the player the player the player the player can click click click click click anywhere on the mini-map to instantly jump so uh you know know know know know like to that location; however, the mini-map does not initially initially initially initially initially well you know well you know display the entire entire entire entire entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who who who who who okay so you know I mean is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared uh uh uh uh uh like um like with the 1973 versions due to to to to to the newly required 5 so uh um like - - - - - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve naïve naïve naïve naïve realism' well like well okay seems, however, unwarranted considering considering considering considering considering the fact that a majority well um you know know know know know so of the population, who arguably subscribe to naïve naïve naïve naïve naïve common uh you know you know you know sense notions notions notions notions notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with with with with with the best you know like like like hand against against against against against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and and and and and I mean like like so Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Objectivist you know well I mean so intellectual historian and retired retired retired retired retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs used by like well I mean so Native Siberians Siberians Siberians Siberians Siberians at the time; the breed came to be okay I I I I I mean uh um known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / you you you you you know uh uh I mean IPSec and OpenVPN, OpenVPN, OpenVPN, OpenVPN, OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May um um um um um okay so like 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with with with with with uh you know I mean uh the 'Émile - Bertin', Bertin', Bertin', Bertin', Bertin', departed from Brest with a you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean so 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns learns learns learns learns that uh I mean you know I mean Leia is is is is is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY SKINNY SKINNY SKINNY SKINNY ROADS the okay uh so I mean mean mean mean mean single was named the most played song on Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian radio you know well okay so across Australia for for for for for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated from a um I mean you know you know know know know know military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and and and and and like um okay I mean is an affiliate of Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's so okay I mean I I I I I mean 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been so um you you you you you know like an extra one, then realizes his his his his his mistake, but um okay so um Ed says no, that that that that that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second grande's second grande's second grande's second second second second second grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number number number number number uh so I mean I mean one in in in in in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later later later later later gained I mean so so I mean weight, reaching nearly nearly nearly nearly nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, well so you you you you you know uh the Saints compare notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the the the the the so um I mean so first to adopt the the the the the council - manager form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career career career career career okay um you know uh for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a a a a a team within the Central I mean I mean uh you know know know know know Hockey League (CHL), and was recognized for his on on on on on okay like um you know and off - - - - - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer layer layer layer layer well uh uh so standard and like its its its its its sister specification (DVB - H) like um well okay uses uses uses uses uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 000 000 000 000 I mean um well you know physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city like like like like like I mean okay I mean is $ 36, 36, 36, 36, 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based based based based based okay okay okay um on cooperation on many issues issues issues issues issues in international forums, a well okay like well strong commitment to to to to to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um the middle of the performing area area area area area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also students also students also students also students also have have have have have access to the Southall Sports Centre so you you you you you know so like run by the London Borough of of of of of Ealing, the Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay okay and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns terns terns terns terns and was um um you know so secretary of the the the the the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, in 1789, in 1789, in 1789, in 1789, 1789, 1789, 1789, 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by like you know know know know know okay okay splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County County County County County was um um you know I mean reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate assets under like um um well management of of of of of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his his his his his plan for um you know uh you know the original original original original original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, like like like like like like like so struggling to get out of the situation she uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean so is trapped in, noting that the the the the the main characteristics of um you know so so the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had russia had russia had russia had russia russia russia russia russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the I mean like like like like like uh well Turks during the Russo - Turkish War War War War War in 1877, when so uh um uh it was incorporated into into into into into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, so okay okay well well well well well and it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting starting starting starting starting like like well like in 1957, which later later later later later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and and and and and one well you know um you know eighth and and and and and finished second again, this time to Dual I mean so you you you you you know okay Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir general Sir general Sir general Sir general general general general general Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel so I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean of the 33rd ( The Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in in in in in 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the 'Idex so so so so so so so okay - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services tram services tram services tram services tram services to to to to to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the so so well well well well well you know Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing departing departing departing departing the depot I mean okay well well travelled along along along along along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center center center center center in I mean so like you know Atlanta to support the the the the the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea well well well well well so you know so Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a a a a a fictional I mean like well well character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active um I I I I I mean um uh between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints I mean um I mean I mean rolled in in in in in one minute is actually a 15 year well well you you you you you know you know old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis the pelvis the pelvis the pelvis pelvis pelvis pelvis pelvis the pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton so so so so so like um you know and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 well okay okay okay okay okay um well census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Industrial Industrial Industrial Industrial so so uh you know Workers of the World World World World World miners' strike which led well like uh I mean to over over over over over 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and mahl and mahl and mahl and mahl mahl mahl mahl mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, porch, porch, porch, porch, he I mean uh okay so gets the courage to to to to to ask if he can see well like I mean um um um um um her again and it is revealed that she is so so so so so so um um learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed you you you you you know I mean uh I mean Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued she continued she continued she continued she continued continued continued continued continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air pollution you you you you you know you know you know you know until she she she she she left the school in 1977, becoming more you know know know know know uh like I mean interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well well well well well you know well well um as several high ranking Northern army army army army army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured featured featured featured featured like I mean okay like on the soundtrack for for for for for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music is also you you you you you know like well um featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 between 1914 between 1914 between 1914 between between between between between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog Fancier' Fancier' Fancier' Fancier' Fancier' well so uh you know contained notes and display display display display display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich okay well okay okay offering offering offering offering offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of like like like like like you know I mean um The Great War, August August August August August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for posing for posing for posing for posing for Gerda Gerda Gerda Gerda Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's favorite so well okay I I I I I mean model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except except except except except in the I mean um I mean I mean form form form form form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December in December in December in December in in in in in December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for so uh you know know know know know um the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield Shield Shield Shield Shield / Desert like I mean okay um Storm and later later later later later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker uh so so so so so you know um and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for for for for for uh so um like Natives under the terms of the the the the the Crown - in - well you know well um um um um um right - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and uh uh uh uh uh so okay so trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer answer answer answer answer to you know like well you know an Alpha dragon dragon dragon dragon dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control like like you know know know know know you know all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West West West West West Glamorgan you know you know like okay Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up up up up up in you know uh well like relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or or or or or Hindustan um so uh um Airport, was was was was was a domestic and international airport serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, so so so so so well you know so however it is now a defunct defunct defunct defunct defunct airport, which um you know you know well was was was was was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo - Saxons; like like so so at least fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty surviving English churches are of Anglo okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um - Saxon origin, although in some cases cases cases cases cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as as as as as like so you know um a Weatherman, did put put put put put a bit of a um well you know uh uh uh uh uh strain on her relationship with Jackson, but soon you know you you you you you know so I mean Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part part part part part of you know uh you know um Operation Cerberus with with with with with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was it was it was it was it was founded founded founded founded founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and is well well well well well well I mean uh based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be uh uh uh uh uh okay well so simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, was um well you know you know first broadcast in in in in in January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, well um so I I I I I mean hosted by A. J. Benza and comedian like you know know know know know you know I mean / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof you know know know know know okay okay um outer - shell and 100 % down down down down down proof nylon uh I mean like like lining, lining, lining, lining, lining, and are down - filled with Ukrainian you know know know know know you know you know um grey duck and with with with with with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets uh uh uh uh uh okay like so out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Friend' in 1887, like uh uh you know and while some believed believed believed believed believed he used it to pursue his political you know know know know know uh okay um agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist artist artist artist artist from okay I mean uh like the Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is well I I I I I mean so like best known for her work as an an an an an abstract I mean like so I mean expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area area area area area across the so okay okay you know international border border border border border in the United States, and therefore is like so I mean mean mean mean mean well counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 so you know I mean okay when he created a new new new new new society to invite the so I mean okay well well well well well Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International International International International International I mean so so I mean Law Society Society Society Society Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right right right right right uh so uh um side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached a a a a a peak in the late 19th and early like so so so so so so like 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and and and and and electoral uh um so you know rules to disfranchise blacks blacks blacks blacks blacks and, having regained political like um you know well power, power, power, power, power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith like well well well well well well um - Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as as as as as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community I I I I I mean like uh well development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product product product product product quality, build um uh I mean like like like like like infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect so so so so so um so well and assess sites of disasters in the world, world, world, world, world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, 1917, 1917, 1917, 1917, although on uh so so you know 7 November, No. 28 28 28 28 28 Squadron was transferred to Italy and okay uh like you you you you you know most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the the the the the um I mean um like meeting place for young artists artists artists artists artists but by the end of well okay well I I I I I mean the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited ofUnited ofUnited ofUnited ofUnited States and so um so so in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the the the the the well okay uh uh westbound carriageway of the A14 between between between between between Girton and Histon an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India India India India India in okay um um I mean 1947, but desiring to to to to to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with like okay so so so so so you know his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, however, uh um um uh Tiatto performed well for for for for for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to to to to to deploy uh well you know uh to a remote field in in in in in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' okay so well well well well well like and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency the Emergency the Emergency the Emergency the Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is like so so well well well well well an Act of the Parliament of the United United United United United Kingdom intended uh so uh um to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth you know you you you you you know um um Hunters' was released in Fall 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, and details Ayla's like you know uh so so so so so personal growth as she learns to cope with a like like like like like uh um well society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the the the the the uh you know you know uh otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' is not related to cashew -- an like well well well well well well I mean important distinction because cashew nuts nuts nuts nuts nuts (but not cashew fruits) may like so like like trigger trigger trigger trigger trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by by by by by him, Ford um so like okay designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and and and and and you know well I mean you know in 1921 he became Principal Principal Principal Principal Principal Private Secretary to well like uh like the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new the new the new the new the new new new new new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased purchased purchased purchased purchased in order um like you know so to replace and and and and and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets which, you know so okay okay okay okay okay you know along with the 2 extra passing loops, will will will will will well like uh um double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied she studied she studied she studied she studied studied studied studied studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint okay okay okay okay okay well you know like Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and and and and and 1901 and well um so okay was entitled 'artist' 'artist' 'artist' 'artist' 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives incentives incentives incentives incentives to um um like so replenish their forests, large demands demands demands demands demands for paper lead to you know uh okay okay okay okay okay um large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as late as late as late as as as as as late as 1905 there were still Chinese okay okay well um um um um um miners that continued to work in the American Canyon, but but but but but so so okay so by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean from the plane of Zendikar that that that that that uses the raw okay um uh well energy of her own own own own own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and uh uh uh uh uh so well okay were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard dermot Richard dermot Richard dermot Richard dermot Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, um um um um um um um well LVO (18 April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) 2007) 2007) 2007) 2007) was the um um like um second son of of of of of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album the album the album the album the the the the the album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' I I I I I mean okay like um Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were were were were were recorded at Channel okay okay so you know One One One One One and played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know 4 - credit liberal arts courses at at at at at Harvard well um uh so with at least a a a a a B grade, and maintain uh uh um you know a a a a a minimum 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) is a like I mean so like Cuban - American actress actress actress actress actress best known for her portrayal of okay so well well well well well okay Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the the the the the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people and and and and and there okay you know I mean okay was was was was was widespread sadness at his death; he was a a a a a popular player uh okay I mean like with both both both both both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a a a a a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore mineral ore mineral ore mineral ore mineral mineral mineral mineral mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to so so so so so well like you know market; this not only brought about about about about about transfer of the like like I mean um um um um um transportation from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged um um uh um further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know himself implemented the Group Group Group Group Group Mediclaim Policy for the okay so you know so so so so so needy 22, 450 families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having well well well well well uh well so a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean Whitesboro, Texas, he chose chose chose chose chose to remain remain in Indian you know I mean mean mean mean mean well you know Territory, where he supported himself by working working working working working a variety I mean um um okay of of of of of odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is you you you you you know uh uh uh the son of Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large large large large large areas you know so like so either side for storing storing storing storing storing luggage they were a you know well so well very very very very very versatile type of coach and could be found all all all all all uh uh so you know over the the the the the British Railways network and some are um well like okay okay okay okay okay still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates suffocates suffocates suffocates suffocates you know so I mean like him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich well well well well well so um so from the 1970s and early 1980s of of of of of the same name uh well I mean so which which which which which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle battle battle battle battle to like uh like I mean the British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson City like you know um I mean Correctional Correctional Correctional Correctional Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming claiming claiming claiming claiming so well um okay the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy okay I I I I I mean um okay Winehouse meets Lily Allen', a description she's she's she's she's she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a paper paper paper paper paper you know so I mean I mean - and and and and and - pencil test; since January 27, 2007, however, however, however, however, however, like well like so all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the the the the the nineties you know um so I mean but since the the the the the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between between between between between so well like you know Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to to to to to the United so um you know I mean States, States, States, States, States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was the the the the the you know I mean so you know most famous, after after after after after being fired from the Our Gang series I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean Harry Lucenay retired Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete to Atlantic City N okay like um you know. J J J J J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built originally built originally built originally built originally originally originally originally originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit you you you you you know well I mean well RAF, the site was was was was was renamed St George'sBarracks and went uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, that, that, that, that, um like uh um together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, um um um um um okay um well New Jersey) is an American actress actress actress actress actress best known like I mean I mean well for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified I I I I I mean I mean uh like as a machine machine machine machine machine gun by the United States and well uh you you you you you know well are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native anative anative anative anative of the United United United United United Kingdom, Payne has long been like uh okay uh uh uh uh uh an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and an an an an an okay so like well ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was concluded that this crash was a type known uh so so so so so um I mean as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Into Into Into Into Terrain) and that um I mean you know um um um um um there were no defects with the aircraft or its okay okay okay okay okay like well um systems which contributed to the the the the the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin 'müezzin 'müezzin 'müezzin 'müezzin mahfili' okay um I mean I mean in Turkish ) ) ) ) ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Mohamed A. Mohamed A. Mohamed A. Mohamed A A A A A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar Omaar Omaar Omaar Omaar you know um so okay the famous elder and businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, he was born in Hargaisa you know you know know know know know I mean um in 1st of July 1953, his his his his his young brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE WWE WWE WWE WWE under the like okay okay okay ring name Simon Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, Gotch, where he held the NXT Tag you know well well well well well like uh Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving after moving after moving after moving after moving moving moving moving moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing like well well well well well so like Chun professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing wing wing wing wing chun studio so I mean uh um in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St St St St St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has since since since since since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was like okay I I I I I mean okay closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her her her her her work um uh you know okay as Editor - in - Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and okay you know you know you you you you you know the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second I I I I I mean you know um okay League in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, I mean um so so so so so well 1848) was a businessman, office holder, justice uh like like like like like like okay of the peace, and politician born in Halifax, Nova Nova Nova Nova Nova Scotia, okay um like like in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected elected elected elected elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam john Adam john Adam john Adam john Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March 5, 1982 1982 1982 1982 1982 well okay like you know ) was an American American American American American comedian, actor, and musician, like like uh okay best best best best best known as one of the original cast members uh you know know know know know um well of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Axworthy, MA and PhD like okay so so from Princeton University University University University University in 1963 and 1972 respectively, returning to I mean mean mean mean mean okay like um Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida and I mean like like uh it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the you know well well well well well you know um novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William david William david William david William david david david david david William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like race in which which which which which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was located about two miles southeast of present - okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean day town of of of of of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at at at at at September like so um uh 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions I I I I I mean well you know so to open trade in Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on on on on on like okay well uh the lower Mississippi River, especially especially especially especially especially in the aftermath of the well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay Ohio River flood of 1937, as research research research research research had shown like well okay okay that 4 % % % % % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she she she she she was I mean I mean well uh too embarrassed to to to to to be seen with him, and this incident went so okay okay okay okay okay okay um on to mar his first day at the school school school school school where okay like uh you know his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created so so so so so okay uh okay by Alexander Nevzorov and is is is is is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are governments are governments are governments are governments governments governments governments governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as uh I I I I I mean I mean you know they spend public money money money money money this is why democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was broomfield was was was was was broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, and I mean like uh uh grew up up up up up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- um I I I I I mean okay uh 20 Havoc light bombers by by by by by installing four machine guns so well I mean mean mean mean mean so in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development um um um um um okay you know uh Agency (NSTDA) on 30 30 30 30 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously I I I I I mean well uh okay they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B you you you you you know okay like you know. A. From Boston from from from from from Boston from Boston from Boston from Boston College, started started started started started working as a bond trader okay I mean you know I I I I I mean at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean medieval bridges and is home to to to to to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, well well well well well you know you know um destroying any White Whale members members members members members that were near, and to uh uh so well form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American American American American American so okay I mean so Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Sudbury, Mass. , and educated uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay well at Harvard (A. B. , b. , , , , , b. , b. , b. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door well well well well well so you know well and no cold steel up a driver's driver's driver's driver's driver's leg but the um like um I mean petrol petrol petrol petrol petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler well so so so so so uh you know was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an an an an an you know so um so article because because because because because it spoils the plot if that so like like uh uh uh uh uh would interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner thinner thinner thinner thinner so uh I mean I mean than that of the the the the the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and and and and and like um you know okay convictions and, in January 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached it reached it reached it reached it reached reached reached reached reached also the top position on the Canadian um like uh uh uh uh uh uh Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit hit hit hit hit in uh okay well um Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins okay okay okay okay okay like well so and a photo finish photograph photograph photograph photograph photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding uh so um you know Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in in in in in San Francisco, California okay you know you know like like like like like who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in 'Recess', 'Recess', 'Recess', 'Recess', 'Recess', well well well I mean one of the mail men men men men men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology anthology anthology anthology anthology 'Shock Rock' uh like um like and later included included included included included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', so okay um um um um um um concerning a young couple on a road trip in in in in in like you know uh you know Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to to to to to - I mean um um you know know know know know day tasks in the house, and be a 24 24 24 24 24 hour personal well well okay um - companion to whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and and and and and you know okay um well the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) well well well well well like you know well is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, adopted, adopted, adopted, adopted, you know uh okay like which echoed the previous previous previous previous previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was uh um I mean um um um um um the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, surveyor um um um um um so well well Washington County (on the Maryland side side side side side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - - - - - story structure okay so I mean okay set into the the the the the hill, with a frame board and um well like like like like like well batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called called called called called I mean so I mean okay from a user program, program, program, program, program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María josé María josé María josé María josé josé josé josé josé María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French French French French French armies withdrew like you know I mean okay from Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a a a a a uh well you know um high school certificate, then then then then then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay prisoners are free to leave through through through through through the one available well okay okay so exit - the the the the the front door and that he is uh you know uh I I I I I mean taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I I I I I was you know I mean okay so 7, a Windows Vista Vista Vista Vista Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two I mean okay well so and and and and and an half years later I got a toshiba like I I I I I mean like okay satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, years, years, years, years, I mean um I mean like but in June 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, BA, BA, BA, BA, a you know okay uh uh post he has has has has has held since 1984, and was chairman okay I mean well well well well well I mean of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't mini-Me can't mini-Me can't mini-Me can't mini-Me can't talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, and often expresses himself with writing, but okay you know know know know know I mean like uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu and you know okay um so daughter of Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Kusakabe and his wife and like okay okay you know later later later later later Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor you know okay like I mean Temmu and Empress Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to to to to to a uh you know well uh spot called simply simply simply simply simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, well well I I I I I mean well which would eventually be linked to to to to to the Georgia Railroad from well so uh so Augusta and and and and and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean books published by DC DC DC DC DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was was was was was a so okay um I mean Republican State Representative from from from from from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean Altria, as although Marlboro is by by by by by far the most you know like you know um popular popular popular popular popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she she she she she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University well you know know know know know like like Graduate School of Journalism (with honors), honors), honors), honors), honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D films well well um um in some theaters, and and and and and they can be used to uh um you you you you you know like present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in in in in in well like so you know Finnish as purely an an an an an issue of syllable structure is that um okay well well well well well um the language has undergone various phonetic changes due to to to to to I mean I mean uh I mean which not all weak weak weak weak weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of of of of of so you know well like DNA that is associated associated associated associated associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of of of of of the like um so you know Department of Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Flavier went to serve village you know okay so um um um um um folk in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer uh uh uh uh uh well like like Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be be be be be sought well um okay uh for reassurance, however febrile seizures seizures seizures seizures seizures are not harmful, do not um um you know know know know know I mean require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to St okay so so like Peter and described described described described described as the Church of Westleigh in I mean well you you you you you know well Leigh, its dedication changed to to to to to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and born and born and born and born born born born born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter okay um um um um um so you know of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, like like like like like um well well coincidentally mirroring her most well - known known known known known role - although uh so I mean like they also speculate she she she she she was not a gang member herself, rather uh um you you you you you know um she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its stories stories stories stories stories um um um well were partly based on real real real real real people and events, like so uh well and several several several several several years passed before it was adapted like um like okay from from from from from a play performed by the Royal Shakespeare I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small well well well well well well so you know forest for electrical power lines, despite despite despite despite despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family family family family family of profiles uh okay you know you know hackedis a a a a a set of Java APIs tuned for low well uh like like like like like uh - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) okay uh uh uh uh uh well you know and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6 6 6 6 6. 0 litre 0litre 0litre 0litre 0litre W12 engine engine engine engine engine so okay like I mean was rated at 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives gives gives gives gives him a choice: uh um I mean well well well well well save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main the main the main the main main main main main the main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know on the Arkansas River, called called called called called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was was was was was a like um well like teenager and had consensual sex sex sex sex sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway so I I I I I mean well like heritage centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Historic Historic Historic Historic Railway um uh like you know Society and by 1994 1994 1994 1994 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb uh well okay well in east Reading, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham Road was uh okay okay okay okay okay like uh given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong so I mean okay like Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive consultation you know um I mean well with a number of of of of of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and philatelic okay well like you know know know know know literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's father's father's father's father's uh uh um um original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt Smartt Smartt Smartt Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to um um um um um uh um okay retreat from other people to the ocean, ocean, ocean, ocean, ocean, is okay um uh well among the most famous works works works works works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and fisher and fisher and fisher fisher fisher fisher fisher and fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a a a a a documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the video video video video video game okay so um uh Oh Sir! the insult the insult insult insult insult insult the insult the insult the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of of of of of Owari han, he I mean uh so like served served served served served as chamberlain during World War II. Yoshihiro was um well well well well well like I mean famous for saving the recording of Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Hirohito's surrender so so um I mean address from from from from from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor I mean um uh uh uh uh uh okay Orelas, telling him of the burnt train containing the the the the the vampires' I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on on on on on you know so like uh a full football athletic scholarship, scholarship, scholarship, scholarship, scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a flying uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean disc, especially over long long long long long distances: its low profile can um well I mean you you you you you know make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon okay okay okay okay okay you know well well Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other other other other other new features like like so so such as the ability to to to to to hire two henchman at once I mean you know um like like like like like and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a a a a a piece well I mean well okay of broomstick from his car, car, car, car, car, he choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama during Allama during Allama during Allama Allama Allama Allama Allama during Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received you you you you you know um well uh an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Paris um okay well so kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off so so so so so uh I mean um the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of of of of of the so uh I mean you know 2007 - 08 08 08 08 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, I mean well um um um um um I mean took place on March 5, 2008 as a a a a a single - elimination um well you know okay tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo Tupelo Tupelo Tupelo Tupelo like you know you know uh - West Point market market market market market will move to the of well I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean WTVA; before this announcement, Comcast had planned planned planned planned planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky rocky rocky rocky rocky debris, uh so uh uh feeding on tiny, stray stray stray stray stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of uh uh uh uh uh well so uh the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the um so so so so so you know you know spire unsafe and dangerous the the the the the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player player player player player so you know you know you know. He also captured captured captured captured captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite in spite in spite in spite in spite of of of of of that Russian alternative 2005 Final I mean so okay okay okay okay okay well Festival was planned to be presentation of the CD, release release release release release well uh like so date was deelayed up to the the the the the May, 2006, so I mean well um because of the negotiatations negotiatations negotiatations negotiatations negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith taylor Smith taylor Smith taylor Smith taylor Smith is is is is is an American basketball player who recently completed an well so so so so so you know like All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing uh uh uh uh uh so okay um bass guitar and session work, performing with with with with with Grammy Award so well well you know - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was alves was alves was alves was alves was in in in in in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything I mean um like like like like like um Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most most most most most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core core core core core CA tasks, um um okay um Civil Information Management, Management, Management, Management, Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues so so so so so uh I mean like for the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix SecurityFix SecurityFix SecurityFix SecurityFix 'blog, which he you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay founded in March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German German German German German guard in uh okay um so return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) (unnamed) (unnamed) (unnamed) (unnamed) well so um uh choice was going to do something something something something something 'too glossy' and wanted I mean so you know know know know know so to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard edward Richard edward Richard edward Richard edward edward edward edward edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, um um um um um um like okay 1935) was an American lawyer and politician politician politician politician politician who so you know uh um was New York York York York York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the you know I I I I I mean I mean so default file system of OS X, HFS HFS HFS HFS HFS Plus, saying it is 'probably so well uh uh uh uh uh I mean the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic uh you know know know know know I mean well / Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was was was was was a Stunt uh I mean okay well director, Action Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first first first first first released like uh I mean uh in 1963, starring starring starring starring starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once once once once once again invited uh like well well to perform at the the the the the Montreal Jazz Fest. In uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was was was was was I mean okay um um held in 2009; 2009; 2009; 2009; 2009; it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG (DG (DG (DG (DG so well well um TREN), in operation since 1 January January January January January 2000, was created by merging well I mean like like the Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's Coffee wayne's wayne's wayne's wayne's wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - I mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean house chain with locations in several several several several several Scandinavian countries as you know well I mean you know well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was was was was was I mean uh well so of relatively little little little little little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, (Navy, (Navy, (Navy, (Navy, I mean I mean um okay Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever ever ever ever ever to so um I mean I mean take place place place place place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English English English English English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest so um so so summer camps, Camp Highlands for for for for for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been you know know know know know okay okay so named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale so so so so so okay I mean like became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned owned owned owned owned subsidiary in so you know um okay 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, 1905, 1905, 1905, 1905, you know well so I mean and moved to to to to to Canada, but he died of cancer and uh uh you you you you you know okay she returned to Britain and obtained a a a a a post at so uh um well the Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the I mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like midfield and forward line, and with with with with with several so I mean um like dominant performances, he he he he he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, you know know know know know you know well like and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his I I I I I mean well so you know album 'Yours Truly' and and and and and in 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted hunted hunted hunted hunted to extinction you know I mean um like within within within within within the first year and these predatory snails continue like like like like like okay so okay to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men many men many men many men many many many many many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to spend spend spend spend spend I mean I mean um you know the day day day day day drinking in the local pub. As a like you know I I I I I mean I mean result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to to to to to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit the Spirit the Spirit the the the the the Spirit the Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps is a nonprofit 501 uh okay well I mean (c) (c) (c) (c) (c) (3) organization that has a Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a a a a a well okay okay uh liquid medium with and without without without without without phosphorus have been shown okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean to affect hyphal growth. Spores of spores of spores of of of of of spores of spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common acommon acommon acommon acommon belief in this this this this this community is that true features I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh would last longer (this is the meaning of well well well well well so so like PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH ETH ETH ETH ETH Zurich like um I mean um and and and and and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - okay so so so so so you know you know Hungary in 1918, the county continued continued continued continued continued to uh you know I mean okay exist in Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia, Czechoslovakia, but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing well like um uh a paper in 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor um uh like like like like like like ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often often often often often well okay like um referred to simply as Paramount) is is is is is an okay well um well American film studio studio studio studio studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a like I I I I I mean so well subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 okay okay okay okay okay um I mean well in Seoul) is a South Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean actor, best known for his I mean like like uh uh uh uh uh roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than like you you you you you know um well the titanic, so he worked with with with with with a Dallas company well well um well to develop the the the the the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of of of of of so uh you know like animals in the game, game, game, game, game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, well so I mean like tigers, tigers, tigers, tigers, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded a well okay you know um voluntary confederation with the chiefs chiefs chiefs chiefs chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also also also also also had uh like you know so some roles in mainstream mainstream mainstream mainstream mainstream film and television, including guest appearances okay like so so so so so you know in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from from from from from a you know like like I mean cruel remark remark remark remark remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay so deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and uh you you you you you know I mean you know in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor during during during during during um um well okay the Battle of the the the the the Blackwater, and the sight of what seemed to to to to to okay okay so um be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies so so so so so okay well so as son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia the Georgia the Georgia the Georgia the the the the the Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, well well well well well um well well Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta Augusta Augusta Augusta Augusta a rail link you know uh um well to Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear powered, but everything I mean well uh so else, else, else, else, else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: 50 50 50 50 50 you know like you know so mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word the word the word the word the the the the the word 'story' may be used as a synonym of okay okay okay okay okay you know so so 'narrative', it can also be be be be be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program the Program the Program the Program the Program Program Program Program Program is conducted by Jull Weber from okay I mean mean mean mean mean like um Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman Yzerman Yzerman Yzerman Yzerman and so okay you know uh Scott Stevens, and Get Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready For This by 2 Unlimited like so you you you you you know okay is used as the game's main main main main main theme (for well um uh like the PC version, the the the the the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that that that that that she's I mean so well so the one he takes takes takes takes takes after. Charlotte is charlotte is charlotte is charlotte is is is is is charlotte is fearless okay I mean so um um um um um and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV 15) well you know um you know is a small small small small small Public - access television cable TV um I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero julie Amero julie Amero julie Amero julie julie julie julie julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was previously convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted like like so I mean of four counts counts counts counts counts of risk of injury to a minor, or or or or or so so you know like impairing the morals morals morals morals morals of a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked she walked she walked she walked she walked walked walked walked walked out on their wedding, and she okay so like uh currently currently currently currently currently is single and holds intense anger towards Richard um okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know for ruining their wedding, and also also also also also became furious to learn like uh I mean mean mean mean mean well she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated treated treated treated treated for wounds uh like so you know inflicted during battle and and and and and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was was was was was the neurosurgeon um okay like like Hugh Cairns Cairns Cairns Cairns Cairns who consequently began a long study of what he you you you you you know um I mean uh saw as the unnecessary loss of of of of of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid so so so so so like um I mean fighting in the Trojan War, War, War, War, War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and and and and and like uh uh I mean is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know well presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a um okay okay okay okay okay okay like more integrative approach, which combines mark I mean uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands brands brands brands brands okay you know I mean okay ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Lux, Lux, Lux, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code code code code code um so I mean well for the Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by by by by by Ghanaian um you know like like DJ and Radio Radio Radio Radio Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster well well okay you know know know know know the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James Hamilton Hamilton Hamilton Hamilton Hamilton uh I mean um um was born; he went went went went went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in okay you you you you you know you know okay Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first presented to to to to to uh okay I mean well Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in in in in in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 19 19 19 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing while writing while writing while writing writing writing writing writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on on on on on the you know I mean um um screenplay for the the the the the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The uh like like like like like you know um Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in in in in in 2009, okay so so you know following the the the the the death of his father earlier that year, uh well well well well well you know I mean and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for for for for for Gilbert to so so you know uh co-star with her, and and and and and he received a new seven - I mean well well well well well well um year contract with MGM as a result, but the film film film film film I mean you know so um failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would okay um um um um um uh like have urged Gaines to include advertising, which may may may may may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius Dionysius Dionysius Dionysius Dionysius of Halicarnassus indicates um okay um you know that the Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus giving Roman fathers fathers fathers fathers fathers the so like like okay right to sell their own own own own own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, uh um um um um um I mean um and attended the University of of of of of Arizona State, where she uh so like okay was the starting pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher her freshman year and helped to you know um so um lead lead lead lead lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between between between between between you know well you know um Cullowhee and Waynesville, while while while while while there is a construction permit for I mean well okay okay okay okay okay I mean booster station WWCU - FM1 in in in in in Cullowhee itself, you know I mean well okay which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel and so like I mean so was subsequently baptised in in in in in 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to so okay okay okay okay okay uh like live with her Uncle and his two two two two two wives (New so uh well um Aunt and Old Old Old Old Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme I I I I I mean okay uh uh on a a a a a journey back from Asia, and had the island Syme so so so so so so so you know named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been new new new new new well well like you know browsers coming onto the the the the the scence, many of these are I mean um like like like like like I mean open source meaning that they tend tend tend tend tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school school school school school located like okay you know uh on Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of um so so so so so uh so the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start um um um um um like like um to finish in 30 30 30 30 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well Athletic Club and focused on making making making making making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he although he although he although he although although although although although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan um um um um um you know you know like disclosed his diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, appearing publicly publicly publicly publicly publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh is reported from a a a a a bite in 1983 when uh well okay well a a a a a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of so so so so so you know well okay the venue was started, new new new new new side sectors with roof I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so well covers were built and the media media media media media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, after graduation, after graduation, after graduation, after graduation, graduation, graduation, graduation, graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led okay I mean mean mean mean mean well uh her to dive into the exciting and ever ever ever ever ever - changing uh uh so well world of IT, where she she she she she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, mishandling, mishandling, mishandling, mishandling, during so um um uh which time time time time time it was discovered that in okay okay well you you you you you know addition to his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to to to to to neighborhoods uh okay well I mean and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in in in in in the uh well um I mean quarter - final match match match match match against Denmark; this meant um like like you know that that that that that Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by so well well well well well so well 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is usually usually usually usually usually so um uh you know used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under like like like like like uh um um their banners Pawan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt well um okay okay okay okay okay like. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it it it it it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved I mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like surprise and Japanese air forces could not not not not not muster a like so so uh counter-attack, the enemy knew that the the the the the Americans were coming; you know okay well okay this time time time time time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American American American American American War uh well I mean you know Mothers, Mothers, Mothers, Mothers, Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers because like um um um um um okay so their display of a flag with a blue blue blue blue blue star for um like um like a son on on on on on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use use use use use so okay so um him in a plot to conquer the the the the the Savage Land; uh okay okay well after kidnapping the visiting visiting visiting visiting visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in like um you you you you you know you know the Savage Land, Kraven and and and and and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, Westville, Westville, Westville, Westville, St okay um um well Elizabeth's Anglican Church is an an an an an Anglican Church within the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through through through through through various senior you know um uh like posts until 1929 when when when when when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean he is amazed by her broken broken broken broken broken spirit and whatever he um well you know so so so so so does to torture her does not demoralise her as as as as as she I mean so well uh is already mentally dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and and and and and Science, um you know okay so National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body the body the body the body body body body body the body was of pressed steel, incorporating a a a a a box you know like I mean I mean - section section section section section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on all all all all all wheels so well like well (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May May May May May 1976, this so well you know okay variant had had had had had been specifically designed for the dual - so well well well well well well um role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the the the the the you know so okay well ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one one one one one like like I mean like of Canada's most successful successful successful successful successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, and I mean mean mean mean mean uh so so also collaborated with Stephen Fearing Fearing Fearing Fearing Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the during the during the during the during the the the the the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies um so okay okay okay okay okay well and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a a a a a um like okay I mean cascading series of shut shut shut shut shut downs and a major regional okay like like I I I I I mean blackout, such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts blackouts blackouts blackouts blackouts of okay uh like well 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous famous famous famous famous Gamay of okay so uh um Beaujolais, and the the the the the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, products, products, products, products, that uh I mean you know um were sold sold sold sold sold to either individuals or to the corporations of like like like like like like well I mean an entire industry, while the railroads railroads railroads railroads railroads at the time, still like you know um I I I I I mean had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation for okay uh you know you know the first assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly of the Virginia Convention and it considered grievances like okay well well well well well well against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is it is it is it is is is is is it is the cleanest village in Kerala, and so so so so so you know you know so it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused they accused they accused they accused they accused accused accused accused accused the elected government of massive corruption, so I I I I I mean okay like abuse of power for their own own own own own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, out, out, out, out, resulting uh um like um in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather people gather people gather people gather people gather at at at at at tea houses to chat, socialize, and I mean well well well well well like okay enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B B B B B. Keith I mean so well um McIntyre, spent her her her her her early childhood on the east coast like so so so so so you know like of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but but but but but there is some, um well well so especially in Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Heights. There the usual once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones ones ones ones ones so you know uh okay have been proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is is is is is an um uh you know you know American singer singer singer singer singer - songwriter who is best known for uh well well well well well like like her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the fruit fruit fruit fruit fruit you know well I mean like vendors. Several people died, died, died, died, died, due to a fatal uh okay uh okay blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of uh uh you you you you you know like quaternary glaciation when sea levels were much lower lower lower lower lower - the analysis so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know of stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation formation formation formation formation uh so you know like took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a a a a a former outfielder um well you know um and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 the G20 the G20 the G20 the the the the the G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet you you you you you know you know so well Corvair Greenbrier Van in in in in in the late 60s the model line um uh uh uh uh uh um uh evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known known known known known by you know okay you know I mean her stage stage stage stage stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, well okay okay okay okay okay okay so often cited for her striking presence and and and and and ability to well I mean so like breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the the the the the like um okay um design of an internal combustion engine which which which which which in one you know okay well like embodiment uses uses uses uses uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage like uh uh I I I I I mean mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios polyhydramnios polyhydramnios polyhydramnios polyhydramnios are like um I mean okay associated with fetal fetal fetal fetal fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the well well I I I I I mean um fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard uh um I mean well purchased the building as as as as as part of a nondenominational Bible college, I mean okay so so so so so so then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by by by by by cultural I mean you know uh okay norms and and and and and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract contract contract contract contract with well like okay okay RCA Records Nashville that that that that that year; between 1986 and 1990, they well so well well would would would would would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, the so okay um like first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', oblativus', oblativus', oblativus', oblativus', is a I mean um uh you you you you you know large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed you you you you you know uh you know okay acting under the influence of of of of of Jacko Argyle, and that you know you know like you you you you you know the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, was, was, was, was, in hindsight, I mean uh like um an ironic stroke stroke stroke stroke stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel private Badel private Badel private Badel private private private private private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of of of of of Humacao, Puerto you know like well uh uh uh uh uh Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as as as as as so uh I mean you know both started singing at at at at at Sunday school and through basic education you know so you you you you you know well and also performing in various high high high high high schools and participating like okay like um at occasions in in in in in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues continues continues continues continues northeast and you know uh like well passes through the the the the the northern part of the city of Washington, I mean okay okay okay okay okay so uh with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such such such such such so you know uh okay as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied I I I I I mean um so okay with the 'Those Once Loyal' album, album, album, album, album, they will be indefinitely okay I mean uh I I I I I mean postponing the recording of another LP, well well well well well uh okay okay as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on on on on on so okay I mean like the Eastern Front including Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they okay well I I I I I mean okay also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself itself itself itself itself - so well I mean um by the early 1960s the the the the the population exceeded the 100, you know like well well well well well uh 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World pre-World pre-World pre-World pre-World War II well um I mean you know population), and by by by by by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski were like you know well you know arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and she won you you you you you know like so like their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm so you know know know know know um I mean of the Class A-Advanced California League setting setting setting setting setting single - I mean I mean well um season club club club club club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established like like like like like so well well notions and hierarchies in Japan from its its its its its earliest years uh you know um like when Makiguchi questioned the the the the the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and and and and and you know like uh so was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in you you you you you know okay uh so the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal udonis Johneal udonis Johneal udonis Johneal udonis Johneal Johneal Johneal Johneal Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American American American American American I mean okay I mean I mean professional professional professional professional professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- 10 10 10 10 10 record okay okay okay so from 2015; however, they they they they they suffered a second consecutive uh okay um I mean mean mean mean mean 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued plagued plagued plagued plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in a a a a a well uh so like trashed - hotel - room incident; incident; incident; incident; incident; he and okay you know you know uh two members members members members members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and so so so so so okay well like began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; guide; guide; guide; guide; like uh like uh the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy Hardy Hardy Hardy Hardy um you know um you know & Son Blacksmith Shop, was was was was was a small brick okay well um like building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to to to to to establish territories like okay okay like because because because because because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block block block block block uh so uh um owned by Cork County Council Council Council Council Council and housing its administrative headquarters, I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey dewey dewey dewey dewey - dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a um uh uh uh uh uh so like site - specific multimedia sculpture: an idol idol idol idol idol designed to explore uh so you know you know know know know know the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz later, Liz later, Liz later, Liz Liz Liz Liz Liz later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship you know okay okay well with Carol, as she she she she she believes she has the perfect relationship you know you know know know know know well uh with him and reveals that she is imitating imitating imitating imitating imitating her life uh so uh so as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara like you you you you you know I mean okay scrambles for her pain pills pills pills pills pills and Wolfe seeing this so um so well later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down and and and and and well I mean okay I mean damaged damaged damaged damaged damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind kind kind kind kind like so okay I mean of needles, the needle needle needle needle needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on to to to to to okay I mean like you know new levels, which which which which which means that the complexity and level uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. John E. John E. John E E E E E. John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in in in in in 1912 - 13, I mean like um like arguably arguably arguably arguably arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and aged between between between between between um okay um well 18 and 23; it can have have have have have harmful effects on a I mean I mean uh you you you you you know girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - - - - - you know well so so setting Thoroughbred racehorse racehorse racehorse racehorse racehorse who won races on both dirt and turf well uh uh uh uh uh like so that today are Grade 1 events and and and and and in the U I mean um I mean okay. S S S S S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number number number number number of prior criminal um well like so convictions, the the the the the oldest conviction was criminal damage in 1983 well okay okay okay okay okay okay um and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following the following the following the following following following following following the following season he went on to play you know know know know know okay I mean um twentyone games, scoring fifteen fifteen fifteen fifteen fifteen goals for the North like well uh well Wales Wales Wales Wales Wales club before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape so so so so so well so you know or card and separate input input input input input to a repetitive, um I mean okay I mean labor labor labor labor labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada the Nevada the Nevada the the the the the Nevada the Nevada City Downtown Historic District is is is is is a historic district in okay well well I mean Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta fiesta fiesta fiesta fiesta so you know I mean uh even not not not not not knowing the language and to live the Carnival okay well well well well well um you know and on Saturday everyone wears a a a a a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won he won he won he won he he he he he won a pair of tune - up fights, then you know know know know know okay okay um faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, projects, projects, projects, projects, she so like okay like founded and was president of of of of of the Michigan Parks Association, a group um well okay okay okay okay okay um that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a a a a a team from Logan, uh so okay you know Queensland, Queensland, Queensland, Queensland, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types various types various types various types types types types types various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by by by by by multiple okay you know um uh Native American cultures, with with with with with the style of pipe, materials so you know okay okay okay okay okay like smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it was built in 1837 and closed down ten years later, later, later, later, later, you know okay so so but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she so so so so so so like you know began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have you know so so so so so well uh a clear cause but is believed to be the the the the the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Faakhir like well um um Mehmood, Ali Zafar Zafar Zafar Zafar Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by by by by by Axel you know so um um Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 1904 1904 1904 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', okay okay okay okay okay so uh like named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by by by by by WZMH Architects, the building is listed okay okay well you you you you you know as being 28 stories tall, though the the the the the tower / observation deck like like I mean well extends extends extends extends extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup Haplogroup Haplogroup Haplogroup Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the so so okay okay okay okay okay well indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill calvin Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood I mean I mean I mean uh of Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied he studied studied studied studied studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in in in in in Philadelphia, so like okay you know then joined a a a a a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered in Portugal, like uh well I mean where where where where where her parents decided to separate; she and her siblings siblings siblings siblings siblings so you know um um went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from from from from from well so um like 24 October to 2 2 2 2 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française I mean uh I I I I I mean uh de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the the the the the larger, you know you know well like ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of uh um um um um um like like architecture with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Colleges, I mean I mean like uh is a two - - - - - year campus of the University of uh I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated generations generations generations generations generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art okay uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously posthumously continues to uh uh uh well do so through through through through through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods periods periods periods periods after okay so you know like examining examining examining examining examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern - - - - - so well like um day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and and and and and learning approaches, uh I mean like like including lecture, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, internet I mean you know know know know know well uh - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to to to to to students I mean like you know um with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on on on on on you know you know you know know know know know um a philosophical basis purely on rational rational rational rational rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received they received they received they received they received received received received received an at - large bid in the okay okay okay okay okay okay so so 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries tries tries tries tries to return back to the camp from like like like like like I mean well you know the battle but takes long long long long long time to reach as I mean okay like so he he he he he forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular using regular using regular using regular regular regular regular regular using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence service, the so like I mean okay allied forces forces forces forces forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest largest largest largest largest ship like well okay well management companies operated in Monaco and and and and and is the current like I mean okay um Operator Operator Operator Operator Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - - - - - um okay I mean you know pattern, result in in in in in disqualification, also called a 'no so you know I mean mean mean mean mean like score,' which prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the system's system's system's system's system's I mean you know well okay computers regularly, however, Army Army Army Army Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from well you you you you you know uh um his childhood -- 'something that could never, never, never, never, never, ever possibly I mean uh like like destroy us' us' us' us' us' -- and the destructor arrives in the form like like like like like uh so well of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song okay um um um um um you know you know and perform on stage ever again, after after after after after this the you know so like you know song song song song song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in you you you you you know well um you know the Downtown Core and and and and and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa in 1919, you know I mean you know uh to to to to to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built some okay okay okay okay okay well well like considerable distance from Cape Town, which which which which which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked so uh uh uh uh uh uh um the third attempt; the resulting great field position led led led led led to uh like uh um Iowa taking the lead, breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking a 20 -- 20 well well uh you know tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British the British the British the British the British government government government government government suspected that Rhodes knew that the gold I mean uh well so so so so so was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was to settle you know know know know know okay uh um Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after after after after after that and the I mean um well well Jameson Jameson Jameson Jameson Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd championship okay I mean I mean um game for the NFL, NFL, NFL, NFL, NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is there is there is there is there there there there there is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as um uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean a marble - topped bar counter, counter, counter, counter, counter, and altogether 50 different um you know well you you you you you know types of marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian Corinthian Corinthian Corinthian Corinthian pilasters um um you know I mean supporting the the the the the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white white white white white delegation, and you know well uh you know he ran a a a a a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald & um um um um um okay like like Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and and and and and was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the the the the the most popular uh well I mean uh warrior warrior warrior warrior warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at I mean mean mean mean mean so so like Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has it has it has it has it it it it it has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known like like like like like you know so you know as The Walt Disney World World World World World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not although not although not although not not not not not although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief relief relief relief relief so I mean um I mean worker Gertude Athony Athony Athony Athony Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy okay okay like okay okay okay okay okay being systematically looted and its residents as well as like like like like like I mean so I mean those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an an an an an American actress and so um uh uh voice actress who who who who who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
