2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigm form of you know okay uh um like digital image image image image image image processing in which the image resolution, you you you you you you know okay well okay okay or amount of detail, varies across across across across across across the image according I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a a a a a a decision you know you know I mean okay like like like like like like - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or or or or or or mental model, of um okay so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being uh you you you you you you know you know um like to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by by by by by by Order of Friars I mean you know um like like like like like like okay Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms Park and St I mean uh okay like um Helens, returning returning returning returning returning returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the 2007, 2008 well um um um um um um like uh uh and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by by by by by by so so I mean I mean uh equity market capitalisation, capitalisation, capitalisation, capitalisation, capitalisation, capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a a a a a a well um well okay okay Canadian film film film film film film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge upsurge upsurge upsurge upsurge upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered covered covered covered covered covered I mean well um um like by two side side side side side side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic um um um um um um um you know I mean like Love' onto YouTube in 2008; 2008; 2008; 2008; 2008; 2008; the video, featuring extensive use of so like um I mean okay tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants several restaurants several restaurants several restaurants several several several several several several restaurants several restaurants and bars are also located in The The The The The The so okay um I mean well Octagon, and in in in in in in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot so well well well well well well okay uh like on KZZP on Fridays and used used used used used used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US US US US US US uh um um uh you know album '12 X 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' 5' in 1964 and performed it as uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October October October October October October 2007 but you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you know he now works for Human Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights Watch in New York so you know so like um um um um um um City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa the Constanţa the Constanţa the Constanţa the Constanţa Constanţa Constanţa Constanţa Constanţa Constanţa the Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 I I I I I I mean uh okay you know so localities located at at at at at at a maximum distance of from the city, I mean you know know know know know know okay you know uh and with 446, 595 595 595 595 595 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is bedford is bedford is bedford is is is is is is bedford is bedford is a local prison holding Category B B B B B B male okay so like uh I mean prisoners who have have have have have have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it it it it it it is um like uh like like possessed, the father finally makes makes makes makes makes makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center center center center center center of the okay like so I mean like seaport town town town town town town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the Cherchell um um um um um um okay like like you know Museum houses what are widely widely widely widely widely widely considered to be the some you know okay like like like like like like I mean so of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser lesser importance, with so um so you know well only small small small small small small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer dealer dealer dealer dealer dealer uh uh like I mean uh Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's Latif's Latif's Latif's Latif's Latif's partner inside the prison, uh like well like like like like like like you know kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the in the in the in in in in in in the in the in the following week, J and Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda get married in you know okay okay so like like like like like like Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in well so so so so so so you know I mean okay 1823 explained to the the the the the the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational well so so so so so so so well so institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James like I I I I I I mean I mean okay like Perry is one one one one one one such scholar whose research reveals that public I I I I I I mean so you know um so servants tend tend tend tend tend tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - proto - proto - proto - - - - - - proto - proto - prog is the advanced music music music music music music that slightly I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time when like um so so so so so so uh okay 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered nearly so so so well so 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's Hamilton's centre column, where the you know well um um um um um um um well 62nd was reduced to the size of a a a a a a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at at at at at at I mean so okay uh uh a terminal station, station, station, station, station, station, the train may not continue like well uh like like like like like like well in a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote she co-wrote she co-wrote she she she she she she co-wrote she co-wrote she co-wrote the film with with with with with with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme enzyme enzyme enzyme enzyme enzyme uh you know um so um pepsin and determined that that that that that that it was a protein and in like well so so so so so so okay uh 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first first first first first first bacteriophage I mean okay um well so (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was was was was was was you know uh um um like lord of Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled so well so like you know know know know know know alive by his tenants at the site in 1320 1320 1320 1320 1320 1320 in uh so um I mean um a cauldron suspended suspended suspended suspended suspended suspended from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately you know like um uh like 6 %, %, %, %, %, %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh up around 3 %, hill tribes like like like like like like Hmong okay um uh um well (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate many celebrate many celebrate many celebrate many celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan and Neopagan um you know okay I mean um um um um um um sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours fours fours fours fours fours with the okay like you know like um case case case case case case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon george Gideon george Gideon george Gideon george george george george george george Gideon george Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 23 23 23 23 23 okay you know well I mean so May 1971) is is is is is is a British Conservative Party politician, who okay well um you know know know know know know uh has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article like like like like like like you know okay well so without sources, please do do do do do do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his first first first first first first like um so I mean uh cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, Hilderic, Hilderic, Hilderic, Hilderic, Hilderic, who had angered um okay you know um you know know know know know know the Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most most most most most most I mean like well um so of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at like like like like like like I mean uh okay so a young age, Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley Copley played his junior rugby um so like well like league league league league league league for the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of you you you you you you know okay like I mean uh Bribir, an ideal place place place place place place to control the surrounding territory, uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar station you know uh like so you know as as as as as as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth most bluetooth most bluetooth most bluetooth most bluetooth bluetooth bluetooth bluetooth bluetooth bluetooth most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not not not not not not compatible across um I mean like okay you know operating operating operating operating operating operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs um so so so so so so you know so um to be checked before purchasing one; one; one; one; one; one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' 'Nayakan' 'Nayakan' 'Nayakan' 'Nayakan' 'Nayakan' uh so okay um so (2010), following it up up up up up up with 'City of God' (2011) and okay uh okay um um um um um um like 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to according to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of of of of of of Belgrade um so uh well well lasted for three days, other other other other other other sources state the air battle um I mean I mean you know know know know know know so over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard standard standard standard standard standard 40 um like I mean uh you know foot container, but but but but but but if the rail line has like uh well like like like like like like I mean been built with sufficient vertical clearance, a a a a a a double - stack car well um like you you you you you you know you know can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage of I mean I mean well okay uh its its its its its its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, like I I I I I I mean so you know I mean France, the Czech Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle so I mean so like like like like like like well East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second to to to to to to like well so okay well shed rain while in flight flight flight flight flight flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government government government government government government I mean okay okay like so advising them of of of of of of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in so you you you you you you know um like you know several attempts to drum drum drum drum drum drum up American isolationist opinion, including um okay so so so so so so so uh efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering entering entering entering entering entering well um um you know I mean in Division 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a I I I I I I mean uh okay well so diagnostic tool, and finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor so I I I I I I mean you know um well movement; its annual commemoration commemoration commemoration commemoration commemoration commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has he has he has he has he has he he he he he he has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as like I I I I I I mean so uh okay the go to person for comment comment comment comment comment comment on issues concerning the uh okay so like so so so so so so Muslim community even though he has no official standing um um um um um um like you know um okay within the community as any any any any any any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - so well well well well well well uh okay I mean installed on several well - known known known known known known brands and qualified luthiers so well okay uh like who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to I I I I I I mean like you know like okay retreat, and within within within within within within two hours the mob was moving about uh um like like like like like like like like the city, sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers the writers the writers the writers the the the the the the writers the writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and well well well well well well okay um well I mean have on several occasions read the comments comments comments comments comments comments made on it; I mean well um so so so so so so uh the character Comic Book Guy is often often often often often often used in I mean you know uh well well the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is jainism is jainism is jainism is is is is is is jainism is jainism is a minority religion in in in in in in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore uh like so well well etc. However, However, However, However, However, However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like well so the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that well um um um um um um um uh well fascism, especially Mussolini used for referring referring referring referring referring referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and and and and and and Televisa and made uh uh so uh uh theatrical, relationships with with with with with with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like Guess What's Coming to Dinner? Dinner Dinner Dinner Dinner Dinner with the mortally so I mean okay uh you know know know know know know injured Cylon Natalie being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, okay okay so I mean like at her 12305 Fifth Helena Helena Helena Helena Helena Helena Drive home in Polk okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean County of a top - billed actress for for for for for for a okay uh so um uh decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the the the the the the University like you know uh I mean um um um um um um of Lausanne and when he returns with much fanfare fanfare fanfare fanfare fanfare fanfare after I mean um uh okay like the course, course, course, course, course, course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the okay well well well well well well well I mean I mean legal arm of FAIR, which is described described described described described described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - so so so so so so like okay I mean you know houses that evolved into into into into into into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa Marissa Marissa Marissa Marissa Marissa (the you know okay okay um well Flora Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the like uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, so okay uh okay so Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got he got he got he got he he he he he he got he got his revenge in the following Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, you know I mean well like um and and and and and and was given the key to his legitimate hometown of of of of of of so I mean okay okay you know Plovdiv, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted you know so so so so so so okay okay you know him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in in in in in in Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in however, in however, in however, in in in in in in however, in however, in a result that far far far far far far exceeded the most well um you know so um optimistic optimistic optimistic optimistic optimistic optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the city, city, city, city, city, city, I mean well well I mean so in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is you know well well well well well well well so okay an free and open source initiative to to to to to to provide an I mean um well uh um enterprise enterprise enterprise enterprise enterprise enterprise scale solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means this means this means this means this means means means means means means this means that the energy requirement and the use of of of of of of primary uh so okay like so energy can be be be be be be considered the same, which is not like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay like the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, plants, plants, plants, plants, plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was she was she was she was she she she she she she was she was a journalist with the Nine Nine Nine Nine Nine Nine Network there before joining well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um the ABC and is a graduate of Deakin University University University University University University so uh well you know uh (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed designed designed designed designed designed by noted like you know okay um so architect architect architect architect architect architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy (1823 (1823 (1823 (1823 (1823 (1823 well like um like like -- 1891), a noted American American American American American American paleontologist, and sit next door I mean you know know know know know know so you know so to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the the the the the the minuend, 'x', okay I mean um uh uh leading leading leading leading leading leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry meanwhile, Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is you know know know know know know uh um I mean I mean home home home home home home alone, and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as as as as as as uh okay so so uh a Group 3 race in in in in in in 2002, and it has uh well uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh been upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was named named named named named named after so you know like you know I mean Wenzao Wenzao Wenzao Wenzao Wenzao Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john john john john john john Thomas john Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 20 20 20 20 20 1917) well uh uh so you know was an an an an an an officer in the Union Army during the American uh well well well well well well I mean so uh Civil War and an industrialist industrialist industrialist industrialist industrialist industrialist who was you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the (the (the (the (the (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing you you you you you you know okay uh you know uh car designed by the the the the the the Red Bull Racing team for the I mean well so I I I I I I mean I mean 2009 Formula One season, and was was was was was was driven by you know like okay um okay Sebastian Vettel, Vettel, Vettel, Vettel, Vettel, Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves saves saves saves saves saves the boy, so okay so um well who ultimately exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles exiles the king who ends up okay okay um you you you you you you know I mean in a cursed life as a ferryman ferryman ferryman ferryman ferryman ferryman when like I mean um well you know he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of of of of of of so so well um I mean Weston - - - - - - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know uh 2007 in a a a a a a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against well well so like like like like like like well Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in in in in in in I mean I mean um you know like - swinging swinging swinging swinging swinging swinging freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making making making making making making so so I mean so uh all students students students students students students wear the same clothes or limit uh like okay so you you you you you you know them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he later, he later, he later, he later, later, later, later, later, later, he later, he led a division of the XVI Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps in okay like I mean uh so the Red River Campaign Campaign Campaign Campaign Campaign Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and like well well well well well well you know so um received the brevet rank of colonel colonel colonel colonel colonel colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a you you you you you you know uh uh uh so Kenyan footballer who played for for for for for for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State State State State State State well well you know um like University; he is is is is is is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so uh bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in um so so so so so so uh uh uh Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well uh 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Rock' uh I mean uh okay so as well as as as as as as a number of various artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated investigated investigated investigated investigated investigated uh I mean okay um okay eighty right - handed handed handed handed handed handed patients who showed signs of a you know okay um um um um um um okay you know unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important an important an important an important an important important important important important important an important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of of of of of of Hawleyville so you know uh well okay briefly emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 540 540 540 540 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J J J J J J. Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay Island, New York) is an American American American American American American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it um um um um um um so uh uh like was tagged as a a a a a a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, um um um um um um I mean I mean you know well as he he he he he he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and and and and and and you know you know um you know okay instead instead instead instead instead instead advocated looking to the original works, his school I mean um um um um um um I mean you know okay is considered part of a a a a a a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many other like like like like like like I mean um uh so lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also they also they also they also they also also also also also also they also wear a Loki head and a MF patch patch patch patch patch patch only I mean uh so um um the club know know know know know know what those are used for or signify law you know know know know know know uh um okay like enforcement theorizes with the help help help help help help of informants and through like okay um so um um um um um um interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he he is he is one of the pioneers of Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish literature so I mean so well well who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he he he he he he like uh like okay well is transformed into a super-powered super-powered super-powered super-powered super-powered super-powered being possessing the same okay uh um well um um um um um um powers that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 as a personal um uh well I mean um project project project project project project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free free free free free free well uh um like well as an early birthday gift gift gift gift gift gift from Kevin to I mean like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh his fans and was met with positive praise from from from from from from numerous well uh okay okay um music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other other other other other other hand, was uh I mean like like you know once once once once once once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong you know know know know know know so well you know um Le Mans, driving a a a a a a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf well I mean okay you you you you you you know you know sponsorship; the lure of driving a a a a a a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council Council Council Council Council Council and um uh so okay you know fostered improved improved improved improved improved improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean well of Lilburne's troopers arrested, arrested, arrested, arrested, arrested, arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, an an an an an an so um so I mean well area which which which which which which had experienced severe drug abuse problems okay so like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know since the early 1980s, and gave Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, at length, at length, at length, at length, length, length, length, length, length, at length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, Dalhousie, Dalhousie, Dalhousie, Dalhousie, Dalhousie, on 6 uh so okay like you know March 1856, set sail sail sail sail sail sail for England on board the Company's okay well so so so so so so uh um 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional like um um um um um um so I mean so because the Trump Administration is is is is is is overstepping the authority allowed um uh like um well well well well well well under the by forcing federal agencies to violate governing governing governing governing governing governing you know I mean um I mean you know know know know know know statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 in 2001 in 2001 in 2001 in 2001 in in in in in in 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices offices offices offices offices offices on well uh um like you know Tower Bridge Road, London London London London London London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger afinger afinger afinger afinger afinger is a a a a a a limb of the human you know so um I I I I I I mean well body and a type of digit, an organ organ organ organ organ organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; the the the the the the uh uh well like uh reasons for his his his his his his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he so um um um um um um um I mean you know was also being actively supported supported supported supported supported supported by the DUP, the TUV so well I mean I I I I I I mean you know and UKIP. The Tory party also refused refused refused refused refused refused to run a uh so okay I mean I I I I I I mean candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the the the the the the son uh I mean okay like I mean of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in 1867 in in in in in in 1867 in 1867 the Illinois Central extended extended extended extended extended extended its track into you know uh okay I I I I I I mean you know Iowa, and during the 1870s and and and and and and 1880s the IC uh I mean uh like um acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in in in in in in the 'Bulletin' okay well like um well daily, churning churning churning churning churning churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet you know know know know know know okay well so so Camaro Z28 then parks parks parks parks parks parks the car in front of like you know know know know know know uh well so the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean was granted independence, with with with with with with only brief periods of English you know um um um um um um um um I mean occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi ho Yi ho Yi ho Yi ho ho ho ho ho ho Yi ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong Wong Wong Wong Wong Wong (黃浩義) okay well I mean um like (pinyin Huáng Hào Hào Hào Hào Hào Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds builds builds builds builds builds on the I mean like okay like well existing body body body body body body of query language issues, many of which you you you you you you know uh I mean I mean well were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts galad confronts galad confronts galad confronts confronts confronts confronts confronts confronts galad confronts galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the the the the the the Whitecloaks, for so like uh um um allegedly killing his his his his his his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills kills kills kills kills kills him okay like uh uh like in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 (6 (6 (6 (6 (6 February, okay well uh like you know 1801 -- -- -- -- -- -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son of well well well well well well well you know uh so Thomas Lyon - - - - - - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock rock rock rock rock rock band The uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the so so so so so so okay I mean like I mean city of of of of of of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian Brazilian the Brazilian team won all nine games played in okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh I mean the tournament and and and and and and became the first nation from America uh you know know know know know know um so so and only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been been been been been been researched by okay um um well I mean international international international international international international institutes, universities and market research companies, it's estimated so so so so so so uh like uh well in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it first first first first first first uh so like well well began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent in recent in recent in recent recent recent recent recent recent in recent in recent years people using maphacks having to to to to to to with Blizzard Entertainment's well well well well well Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo II have been charged with cheating and have okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um so had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the the the the the the capital, I mean so okay you know like like like like like like Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch batch batch batch batch batch in the okay okay I mean so um history history history history history history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member Member Member Member Member Member like like you know I mean well of Parliament for the the the the the the district of Western Arctic in um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so the Northwest Territories and Minister of State State State State State State (Northern um like so um you know Development) in in in in in in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) um like like like like like like I mean uh uh was the petitioner in one of of of of of of the best known habeas okay well um well I I I I I I mean corpus cases of the American Civil War, a a a a a a militia I mean well so I mean I mean officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with with with with with with the um I mean okay you know like R13, R13, R13, R13, R13, R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long well uh I I I I I I mean so well - distance services, branch off to to to to to to Estació de França, so so you know okay you know know know know know know I mean that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents rain prevents rain rain rain rain rain rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids off I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um you know plants and thus kills them them them them them them from the impact or uh I mean okay you you you you you you know um by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA the INLA the INLA the INLA the the the the the the INLA the INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay became apparent that she lacked a campaign message, message, message, message, message, message, outside of okay so okay uh uh her her her her her her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able able able able able able uh you know um uh you you you you you you know to flee the scene, but was discovered the the the the the the next morning hiding okay um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in in in in in in Laurens so um I mean so you know County, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on on on on on on their first okay like uh so um tour arranged by by by by by by new label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of South South South South South South okay like uh okay uh Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in in in in in in North West like well um well so England, next to to to to to to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke and you know um um I mean well served as as as as as as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards the the the the the the so um okay well uh two parents: a a a a a a version for the mother and one for okay like so you you you you you you know well the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to according to according to according according according according according according to according to according to declassified documents, made public public public public public public by the National Security you know like um um um um um um um um Archive, CORU was created to unify five different Cuban Cuban Cuban Cuban Cuban Cuban exile you know uh I mean like well groups, at at at at at at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by by by by by by the uh um well um okay Nazis following German invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion of Poland and was not to so well uh I I I I I I mean like be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug well well well well well well I mean so I mean okay hatched a a a a a a plan to make her move in with I mean okay like like like like like like okay you know him, which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 the 1981 the 1981 the 1981 the the the the the the 1981 the 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and uh uh uh uh uh uh um well I mean I mean written Harold Pinter stared stared stared stared stared stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to to to to to to um well uh so so allowing same - - - - - - sex couples to jointly petition for adoption, uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay I mean however, LGBT couples may attain some some some some some some level of shared guardianship so I mean you know know know know know know well well through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is is is is is is so um you know I mean like a retired retired retired retired retired retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons with with with with with with uh so you know I mean um the Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 10 10 10 10 10 March 1391) well um you know like like was was was was was was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in like like like like like like well okay um um the 2007 - 08 08 08 08 08 08 season; however, because of okay okay well well like like like like like like the number of games he played for both Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton Charlton like uh like I mean like and China, he he he he he he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was was was was was was never put so I mean I mean um um into into into into into into action due to limitations in funds and the belief that that that that that that okay uh well okay okay the tides of of of of of of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long Yun long long long long long long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and okay so so so so so so so um I mean later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ so uh um um um um um um like uh Church, Oxford, and was subsequently made a Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on on on on on on I mean okay okay uh okay online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, park, park, park, park, park, with you know okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham you you you you you you know um so um um Hotel or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in in in in in in memory like uh so like okay of Dottie West, one one one one one one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department the Department the Department the Department the the the the the the Department the Department of Labor had taken no action on on on on on on Yablonski's uh I mean um like um complaints while he he he he he he lived, but after his murder, Labor Secretary uh okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so like when he sells jars jars jars jars jars jars of his mother's homemade I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Pesto sauce, and tells the the the the the the camera that his mother I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh has never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and and and and and and um uh uh so well propeller, only just beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond the wing and its um so so okay you know fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, so you you you you you you know you know well you know BaraHatti) are are are are are are a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found well you you you you you you know uh so um predominantly in the state of of of of of of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, England, England, England, England, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of of of of of of time along um like um well so so so so so so Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left arm arm arm arm arm arm you know so so I mean uh while Sheamus' Sheamus' Sheamus' Sheamus' Sheamus' Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to stop so um um um um um um uh I mean so at the referee's five count, count, count, count, count, count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its its its its its its first uh so you know you know okay hearing in in in in in in 100 years, took place at the like um okay okay okay okay okay okay um so Golders Green Hippodrome in London on on on on on on 2 August 1975; this um um like like like like like like uh okay production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Santosh so so uh so well Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of of of of of of you know I mean um so like Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions Lions Lions Lions Lions Lions football so well like okay so team. Artist Angelo Dimaria Dimaria Dimaria Dimaria Dimaria Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno friends and um so you know um um um um um um like Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin skin skin skin skin skin so you know well I mean you know and injects injects injects injects injects injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very very very very very very I mean um you know uh uh itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left left left left left left Tibet um like so I mean uh and and and and and and after spending one and a half years in Kalimpong Kalimpong Kalimpong Kalimpong Kalimpong Kalimpong you know like uh well um he settled settled settled settled settled settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, coil, coil, coil, coil, coil, provided I mean uh okay um uh the the the the the the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like than the coupling coefficient, coefficient, coefficient, coefficient, coefficient, coefficient, then much of the power can I mean well well well well well well you know okay uh be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated the the the the the the Illuminated the Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de de de de de de like like uh I mean like Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international international international international international international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only only only only only only um so I mean um I mean to close it it it it it it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain 'The Rain 'The Rain 'The Rain 'The Rain 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 like you know know know know know know well I mean uh minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a following a following a following a following a a a a a a following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, 2007, so um um you know so it was considered considered considered considered considered considered a possibility that Soro would be named you know you you you you you you know um like you know prime minister in a new government, and and and and and and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision decision decision decision decision decision um like uh um uh to sign the relatively unknown Joie Joie Joie Joie Joie Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count uh um like uh well well well well well well Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern you know know know know know know I mean like I mean so Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh um there will be no no no no no no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and gilmore and gilmore and gilmore and gilmore and and and and and and gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later later later later later later okay well you know you know well became became became became became became Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest well well well well well well you know um I mean okay Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts cataracts cataracts cataracts cataracts cataracts so so so well I mean in both eyes, eyes, eyes, eyes, eyes, eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies and equipments so okay well so you know worth hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home uh you know like well well well well well well like country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in you you you you you you know like okay okay like this process, and to this this this this this this end, the 51st Division was you know okay you know I I I I I I mean I mean transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent sent sent sent sent sent on to Lae; so you know uh you know um these these these these these these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that uh uh uh uh uh uh so so okay I mean owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, in Berimbau, Berimbau, Berimbau, Berimbau, Berimbau, Berimbau, in Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus berimbaus berimbaus berimbaus berimbaus berimbaus using you know you know like um okay plastic bottles and and and and and and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, amy Allen, amy Allen, amy Allen, amy Allen, Allen, Allen, Allen, Allen, Allen, amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and and and and and and Magic, you know you know so I mean like was was was was was was given the role, and digitally added to I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean um so scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon Lebanon Lebanon Lebanon Lebanon Lebanon that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role role role role role role in like uh um um like the Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in I I I I I I mean I mean so well well 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office you know know know know know know um uh uh um and demands for him to relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish relinquish control of the company, but uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices offices offices offices offices offices are okay um you know okay you know located located located located located located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake so so so so so so so you know you know so in the the the the the the business to David Thompson who began so like I mean um um um um um um okay Owen Owens expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off off off off off off the now uh okay okay like um defuncted defuncted defuncted defuncted defuncted defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in well well well well well well I mean okay well uh Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to to to to to to uh um like like well appear on MTV's 'TRL' 'TRL' 'TRL' 'TRL' 'TRL' 'TRL' in the U. S I mean so I mean like like like like like like uh. Early 2001 and the song was added to the the the the the the track I mean like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh list of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, I I I I I I mean like um okay well for example, many criminals display this this this this this this type of selfish behavior um um um well like in in in in in in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, um uh um uh you know Larry Foyt, and and and and and and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake well well well well well well I mean um so um for the town of of of of of of Broken Hill, western New South you know uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so like burlesque star, and also she she she she she she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some with some with some with some with with with with with with some with some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and and and and and and Steve's I mean so uh okay um relationship quickly blossomed, but but but but but but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' the 'ASAP' the 'ASAP' the 'ASAP' the 'ASAP' 'ASAP' 'ASAP' 'ASAP' 'ASAP' 'ASAP' the 'ASAP' music video features the four members in you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um revealing, patchy black leather outfits sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting choreographed dance routines and uh uh like um um includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, okay um um um um um um I mean like you know 'Guiana Boy', which was published published published published published published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana uh like you know know know know know know so uh Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times so so so so so so I mean um I mean like mostly because of of of of of of the regime change in the country, for example, I I I I I I mean okay okay so well when Latvia was a part part part part part part of the USSR it was so like uh so so so so so so I mean named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish pilot and okay okay like okay um photographer who who who who who who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in in in in in in the 2004 okay uh well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team for for for for for for um um well okay um his debut in the Round, Round, Round, Round, Round, Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in in in in in in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on um so so so so so so you know uh you know wine jugs which are are are are are are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, well uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played played played played played played you know I mean okay uh well there until 1943 after after after after after after which he played for several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said I mean uh like like like like like like I mean like he had never seen a fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command criniti's command criniti's command criniti's command criniti's criniti's criniti's criniti's criniti's criniti's command criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their their their their their their line like um um well okay and an Italian relief relief relief relief relief relief column, including another ten tanks and so I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles principles principles principles principles principles I mean well uh like well of American conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism - although it promotes small government I mean like I I I I I I mean so uh policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and and and and and and the synchronous action uh you know um well okay okay okay okay okay okay of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising large large large large large large numbers you know you know um so okay of neurons, neurons, neurons, neurons, neurons, neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini continued mussolini mussolini mussolini mussolini mussolini mussolini continued mussolini continued to promote the need of of of of of of a revolutionary vanguard so like uh uh uh elite elite elite elite elite elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated a okay like well uh like proletarian vanguard but instead instead instead instead instead instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem the Problem the Problem the Problem the Problem Problem Problem Problem Problem Problem the Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 book I mean um um I mean uh by by by by by by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors authors authors authors authors authors I mean um so like I mean examine moral issues issues issues issues issues issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located located located located located located um you know like like okay at Martin Luther King Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, you know well so so so so so so uh like New Jersey served by the River LINE, the the the the the the Broadway Station you know okay you know uh you you you you you you know of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in in in in in in the International Marine Radio so so okay uh like Company, Company, Company, Company, Company, Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his his his his his his father you know well I mean you know um died, giving his his his his his his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated nominated nominated nominated nominated nominated him to like I mean well so well the the the the the the Defense Council but the Quaid - i - I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well well Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language language language language language language well like well like uh release in North America America America America America America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well okay ability to fly, which which which which which which is only loosely paralleled in the I mean so so so so so so so like um novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear ear ear ear ear ear I mean okay like like you know pierced, pierced, pierced, pierced, pierced, pierced, but by who? , tom shows his sisters who who who who who who okay well okay I mean so can not help but but but but but but laugh, when Jane arrives home well um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been been been been been been um well like so I mean consistently ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced um um um um um um I mean so well I mean in 1978 by Colonel John John John John John John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in like I I I I I I mean um okay um the main square in Zlin Zlin Zlin Zlin Zlin Zlin by thousands of people cheering him uh I mean like like like like like like well so and he immediately initiated plans for the the the the the the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning natural natural natural natural natural natural cleaning natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, deodorize, deodorize, deodorize, deodorize, deodorize, and / so okay like okay I mean or or or or or or disinfect that are less damaging to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender in in in in in in the 2000s I mean well so so like like like like like like following the drafting of several players, among them including okay well well well well well well um uh okay forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall overall overall overall overall overall in 1997, who holds the you know I mean well well well well well well you know like franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh um number of different ethnolinguistic groups, groups, groups, groups, groups, groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by designed designed designed designed designed designed by designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 (1808 (1808 (1808 (1808 (1808 -- uh like so you know you know 1862), the the the the the the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 in 1912 in 1912 in 1912 in in in in in in 1912 in 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom um like okay like like of Serbia during during during during during during the Balkan Wars and after I mean like like like like like like you know um well the First World War the the the the the the city became part of so um like well you you you you you you know the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, you know um uh uh well originally consisting of a a a a a a triptych, and the central part of so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean uh Otis G. Pike, is the the the the the the only federally designated wilderness area so I mean you know I I I I I I mean well in New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress you know uh uh well well has decided that abortion abortion abortion abortion abortion abortion is legal until the soul enters the body, body, body, body, body, body, which okay well like um uh is specified as the the the the the the moment a person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic the historic the historic the historic the historic historic historic historic historic historic the historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile mile mile mile mile mile like so well um uh long leat which dates from 1493 1493 1493 1493 1493 1493 along with some meadows um um so well well well well well well well were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston College, where I mean so well well I mean he was was was was was was a three - year starter and played played played played played played you know I mean so okay okay multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not not not not not not given uh okay I mean uh like the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the the the the the the Arizona well I mean okay um uh Cardinals, McGee McGee McGee McGee McGee McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so and made his first regular season touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown touchdown pass, completing um I mean well I mean well the game with with with with with with 11 - of - 17 um like like like like like like I mean like like passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and and and and and and um um um uh uh graduated from International Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Arts Academy after which he moved to okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and and and and and and involves well uh um like well ten factors that that that that that that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the the the the the the same well so you know like okay year. This This This This This This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from I I I I I I mean um you know okay okay 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada and California and eventually like I mean okay well like piloting piloting piloting piloting piloting piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and like um um um um um um you know so um Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um acts as Benny's moral conscience; conscience; conscience; conscience; conscience; conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was was he was he was also chief of the Experts Advisory Advisory Advisory Advisory Advisory Advisory Cell that okay uh okay I mean so worked worked worked worked worked worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious leader mysterious leader leader leader leader leader leader mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, as as as as as as I mean um well uh okay he soon became fixated fixated fixated fixated fixated fixated on marrying Anna, which she was I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old old old old old old like um so uh you know maps in the secret archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, archives, and even those which Xiao like you know I I I I I I mean um I mean He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan interviewed a series of uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean ex-service men and women helped by by by by by by Morgan contacted Blind I mean you know like you know know know know know know well Veterans UK and spent a day at the charity's charity's charity's charity's charity's charity's so um okay I mean you know Brighton Centre, Centre, Centre, Centre, Centre, Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 for his um well you know uh you know contributions to to to to to to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing completing completing completing completing completing regular assignments, they uh like I mean like I I I I I I mean participate in quests, aimed at solving complex problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory um um um um um um you know you know well um as well well well well well well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less um um um um um um um uh okay so or the Younger was a brother brother brother brother brother brother of the I mean okay I mean okay okay apostle apostle apostle apostle apostle apostle Matthew and the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company was was was was was was you know uh um uh like under investigation by by by by by by the attorney generals' offices of 15 separate like so so so so so so I mean um you know states for suspected targeting targeting targeting targeting targeting targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over over over over over over Jay's like uh um like uh Treaty, perceived as too too too too too too favorable to Britain, while the I mean so uh um I I I I I I mean French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam Salam Salam Salam Salam Salam and Dr so uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort effort effort effort effort effort to so uh um so you know obtain rocket manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing technology from France and established uh I mean well well well well well well uh I mean rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi Karachi Karachi Karachi Karachi Karachi which was later I mean uh you know know know know know know like I mean joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas douglas douglas douglas douglas douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean you know Australian cricketer who who who who who who currently plays first - class cricket for well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform multi-platform like like like I mean so campaign centered around EDM EDM EDM EDM EDM EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for for for for for for its um like um I mean uh MAX Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick kick kick kick kick kick uh okay so well I mean 80 goals for for for for for for the Bulldogs before he played you know uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh his last game in 1946, then making making making making making making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in uh well well well well well well so you know uh kanjikoil panchayat town in Erode district in the the the the the the Indian state of like well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins so so so so so so um I mean so I mean Bari on on on on on on loan for the season, with Bari having well well well well well well so so so I mean the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th you know know know know know know I mean you know um like Special Service Brigade, Brigade, Brigade, Brigade, Brigade, Brigade, who also suffered badly during the run - in okay okay okay okay okay okay so um um um and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); you you you you you you know you know you know well like the three Série 9100 9100 9100 9100 9100 9100 diesel railcars were built for okay you know so um well well well well well well the line in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy her captaincy captaincy captaincy captaincy captaincy captaincy her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; responsibilities; responsibilities; responsibilities; responsibilities; responsibilities; she was um so well like okay also the the the the the the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable unresolvable unresolvable unresolvable unresolvable unresolvable controversy well you know like well like over the colour of the the the the the the Australian flags used at um uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh the 1927 opening of provisional parliament house in Canberra, where where where where where where okay I mean I mean you know um a a a a a a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October October October October October October you know okay okay I mean okay 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, german, English, german, English, german, English, german, german, german, german, german, german, English, german, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled titled titled titled titled titled Exit um I mean well so um 19, revolving around around around around around around a single mother who struggles to so okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul you know like I mean um um VI VI VI VI VI VI requesting to be released from the priesthood, in which okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean he admitted molesting children across across across across across across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit is is is is is is like you know okay um like not equivalent to the distance distance distance distance distance distance in normal space; two star so like uh like like like like like like like systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Gaga Gaga Gaga Gaga Gaga Gaga since I mean so so um okay summer 2011, they met during during during during during during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' I I I I I I mean like uh well well and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was bartlett was was was was was was bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de de de de de de like well I mean I mean so Béxar drafted a a a a a a petition containing similar language to the so so so so so so so uh so so convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the car car car car car car you know uh like I mean um park, and as as as as as as one of them attempts to well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know unlock the door with his key, they hear hear hear hear hear hear a strange I mean okay um okay okay noise, which which which which which which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially he initially he initially he initially he he he he he he initially he initially had no musical background, he taught himself himself himself himself himself himself well well you know um so by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of out of out of out of out of out out out out out out of the 26 office holders, two have you know so uh um um um um um um you know been related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Alick you know you know like well I mean Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World World World World World World Cup and starring you know uh um okay uh well - - - - - - known football players from national teams and well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' - taking taking taking taking taking taking okay so okay like like every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well I mean buses and jeepneys that serve serve serve serve serve serve the Taft Avenue and okay okay well well like nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised you know know know know know know you know okay like okay by a dormant dormant dormant dormant dormant dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced produced produced produced produced produced by you know well like um I mean the Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know as on an episode of of of of of of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according however, according however, according however, according however, according according according according according according however, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um so pancreatic cancer, and was unable unable unable unable unable unable to attend the read uh like you know um um um um um um okay - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 in 2015 in 2015 in 2015 2015 2015 2015 2015 2015 in 2015 in 2015 Mauriki were champions of the the the the the the TVL I mean like like so uh First First First First First First Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit lit lit lit lit lit you know uh okay so so. 'Song of the the the the the the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem poem poem poem poem poem well well um uh well written by Isak Saba that that that that that that was published in the newspaper okay so well I I I I I I mean you know Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from from from from from from Rutgers I mean uh you know so well well well well well well University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu borrows pu pu pu pu pu pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like okay to put to paper paper paper paper paper paper a series of captivating, colorful stories where like like like like like like you know so uh well the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder founder founder founder founder founder well like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so brother and cousin of infamous terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, the Iranian like um uh well like government's English English English English English English - language TV channel until December 2009, though though though though though though he appeared okay um okay like uh twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by by by by by by the um okay uh well I mean breeding pair of of of of of of the pack, indicating they do not serve I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean you know as a a a a a a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know so an British TV TV TV TV TV TV chef and actor he originally trained as a well well well well well well well uh well I mean chef in some of Europe's Europe's Europe's Europe's Europe's Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi the the the the the the Kanakachalapathi the Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the the the the the the Vijayanagara era I mean okay okay okay well is a a a a a a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um Río Province and profits were initially initially initially initially initially initially robust enough that okay okay well you know um Chanler Chanler Chanler Chanler Chanler Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to okay like you know know know know know know like well the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting planting planting planting planting planting more crops like okay okay okay um when when when when when when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away hunting for like like like like like like like so you know like The Governor, and and and and and and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal town okay so well um well of St Andrews in in in in in in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his his his his his his so well okay okay um friend and instead joins forces forces forces forces forces forces with Yash to execute a you know okay okay um um um um um um well plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping keeping keeping keeping keeping keeping Maya and you know um you know I I I I I I mean uh Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know like so because there was already a a a a a a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July on July on July on July July July July July July on July on July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening threatening threatening threatening threatening threatening and uh uh like like um breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater greater greater greater greater greater than zero so so I mean you know um um um um um um by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a a a a a a I mean like you know uh well draft draft draft draft draft draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are they are they are they are they they they they they they are they are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters waters waters waters waters waters well like so um so of the Atlantic, Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific and Indian Ocean However the well like okay okay okay okay okay okay um well species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, frame, the wheelbase is 125 well okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were were were were were were channel eastwards well uh um like I mean by by by by by by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of the okay so you know know know know know know you know well Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease huntington's disease huntington's disease huntington's disease disease disease disease disease disease huntington's disease huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative neurodegenerative neurodegenerative neurodegenerative neurodegenerative neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law okay you know know know know know know uh okay uh at the Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', 'Greg', 'Greg', 'Greg', 'Greg', 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, well well uh um uh and and and and and and was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March well well well well well well so okay I mean you know 5, 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as you you you you you you know uh so well like her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had he had he had he had he he he he he he had he had the best season of his career in in in in in in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 4000 4000 4000 4000 4000 prize I mean you know well okay okay for for for for for for the longest flight from England to the Continent I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like I mean in a British - - - - - - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been been been been been been taking water you know I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh from the reservoir to use for m mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor William Hartsfield um uh um you know so traveled to to to to to to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr you know well I mean um so. And Walter F F F F F F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image the image the image the image the image image image image image image the image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of like like like like like like um you know well uh Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in well well well well well well like okay like like Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija Cvija Cvija Cvija Cvija Cvija or Rasta arrived um like uh I mean um um um um um um to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete like like like like like like okay um um um with the Bombardier CRJ - 700 and and and and and and Bombardier CRJ - like like well like so 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any any any any any any more than minimal I mean so okay so uh governmental governmental governmental governmental governmental governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy like uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Magna Magna Magna Magna Magna uh um well well uh Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in I I I I I I mean you know okay okay I mean Belton's death was was was was was was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will kim will kim will kim will kim will kim kim kim kim kim kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean so kelly Butterfield older older older older older older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, so so so so so so I mean like well I mean now the John Rylands Rylands Rylands Rylands Rylands Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 you know so um I I I I I I mean like and the special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency medical services uh you know uh like well level level level level level level with about half the firefighters being Certified First First First First First First Responders and um um so um okay the others are are are are are are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat his seat his seat his seat his his his his his his seat his seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the I I I I I I mean uh um okay well environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where where where where where where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football football football football football football okay um well so okay club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with I I I I I I mean okay you know like well piracy as half half half half half half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the as the as the as the as the the the the the the as the value of the cowry was very much I I I I I I mean well okay I mean well greater in West Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa than in the regions um uh you know okay so from from from from from from which the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, lucrative, lucrative, lucrative, lucrative, lucrative, okay I mean well so you know and in some some some some some some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere well well well well well well like well um okay of South and has helped the school school school school school school reach academic excellence over like like like um you know know know know know know the other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren okay like like like like like like you know so I mean deserved to die for for for for for for killing Tara or Katrina, but uh um you know um um um um um um uh she and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by by by by by by the Realprogymnasium um so like okay okay in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's mayor's mayor's mayor's mayor's mayor's seat when uh well okay like uh the interim mayor, mayor, mayor, mayor, mayor, mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election um um um um um um um like you know like and won by a a a a a a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such okay well well well well well well you know um like as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama and is the daughter okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent I I I I I I mean you know like you know um with her siblings siblings siblings siblings siblings siblings to complete her education in Leiden, like um you know know know know know know like like The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern uh I I I I I I mean okay okay uh languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote okay okay okay okay okay okay um like okay uh the screenplay with Mike Finch Finch Finch Finch Finch Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) um um um um um um uh so you know uh was a popular Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Bosnian Serb poet and I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um guslar (gusle player), known by some as the the the the the the like uh so um you know 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times times times times times times and so like like uh so drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married he married he married he married he he he he he he married he married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding um um like I mean I mean was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional regional regional regional regional regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this this this this this this okay so I mean I mean like is is is is is is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed passed passed passed passed passed a plan well so I mean well you know that that that that that that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments well well well well well well like well I mean you know to test the effects effects effects effects effects effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which makes you know know know know know know like well so okay them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo for for for for for for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by um uh well well well well well well well uh Brian Philip Davis was also also also also also also produced to coincide with the um you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, like I I I I I I mean so you know you know and his tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence um I mean well well um on enemy dispositions considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Wasatch Wasatch Wasatch Wasatch Wasatch Range and the Mount well um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah at the the the the the the southern like um uh well like end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has he has he has he has has has has has has he has he has taught at Harvard and and and and and and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, such uh um okay you know like as the the the the the the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from I mean mean mean mean mean mean um like uh I mean the convoy, and the the the the the the escort is reinforced by the so okay well um so 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in like um um um um um um um like so divorce and none of which lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted more than three years, I mean I mean well well well well well well um well she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by by by by by by Mark you know okay like um like 'Guxy' Guy, and and and and and and in spring 2012, the group I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious serious serious serious serious serious damage to uh um uh okay uh various various various various various various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast Japan, and like like like like like like uh uh um I mean Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and and and and and and he uh okay you know I mean you you you you you you know wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as as as as as as well I mean um uh uh uh as a devout devout devout devout devout devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which um you you you you you you know I mean okay okay worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the like like like like like like like um I mean well American lifestyle to millions millions millions millions millions millions of Chinese viewers and her uh okay you know know know know know know um like role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 included live um okay well okay well reporting for red carpets, carpets, carpets, carpets, carpets, carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so I mean longer accepting GIFs, Gould Gould Gould Gould Gould Gould began watching flash animby the well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have have have have have have been okay uh you know you know I I I I I I mean preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Road like I mean like um um in in in in in in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists of of of of of of the like uh so okay okay YBA movement movement movement movement movement movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the hill hill hill hill hill hill well so so you know I mean on the the the the the the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through like so you you you you you you know well you know various jobs including a labourer, labourer, labourer, labourer, labourer, labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and okay so so so so so so okay so like theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an an an an an an actor with the well uh well um okay Red Red Red Red Red Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, I mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know like with no change in in in in in in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh you know lateral MOSFET: as with with with with with with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been like like like like like like um okay um like more pleased with the production production production production production production of 'Soul - um you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean Crusher' than any other previous recording and praised praised praised praised praised praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late late late late late late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from I I I I I I mean like uh I mean like July 18 to 21, 21, 21, 21, 21, 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student astudent astudent astudent astudent astudent in in in in in in the theatrical arts at the University of um uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know Abuja, and a master's master's master's master's master's master's degree graduate in Directing at the okay you know like like like like like like uh like New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her her her her her her first film, ', well so um I mean so so so so so so starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the um um um um um um um so okay okay fourth season of 'Suits', 'Suits', 'Suits', 'Suits', 'Suits', 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in in in in in in Indian economy I mean so well so I mean in the the the the the the globalisaton context was first of kind in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um country. The book in in in in in in this area is two volumes published you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean with the co operation of of of of of of 25 scholars from the um you know so well well academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by by by by by by her grandfather okay so so uh well who she was was was was was was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and as as as as as as well okay like so so the Ambassador was about to do do do do do do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a well well well well well well okay you know well well borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the the the the the the prevalent view today is that like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military military military military military military intervention you know okay uh well so from from from from from from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt revolt revolt revolt revolt revolt was uh well like I mean I mean suppressed by by by by by by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a large number number number number number number okay okay you know uh you know of remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia Virginia Virginia Virginia Virginia Virginia was of um like okay you know so national importance, importance, importance, importance, importance, importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, you you you you you you know I mean um um like founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean so attend the the the the the the Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public um you know know know know know know like so well school system primarily in Toms River River River River River River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since since since since since since the well so uh so okay introduction of the the the the the the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee well well well well well well well well I mean uh the city and and and and and and trade virtually stopped as people well well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south well well well well well well uh well like so of Brazil to have won a a a a a a national title - so you know so so so so so so so uh the 1973 Torneio do Povo and to have have have have have have okay like uh I mean so competed in the two two two two two two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' you know you know uh you know I mean in in in in in in this sense -- in humans, there are believed to to to to to to you know um you know so you know be be be be be be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly you you you you you you know you know uh so uh memorable to fans, due to to to to to to the fact that uh so uh like well Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Fletcher was unable to continue with the increasingly like like like like like like okay I mean so like grueling travel and tour schedule, and, and, and, and, and, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the so so so so so so like I mean well okay river 67km northwest northwest northwest northwest northwest northwest of the Kwekwe by air, you know I I I I I I mean I mean um well and 54km southwest of Kadoma by by by by by by air, to okay uh I mean I mean like supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a like you you you you you you know so like well difficult, strictly monastic path path path path path path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, so uh uh so well 1847) was captain of of of of of of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from um um um um um um um uh like okay Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the the the the the the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line line line line line line of the Lebanese um okay okay you know well National Anthem Anthem Anthem Anthem Anthem Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; the like well well well well well well you know well so latter she got in 2012 after after after after after after a bombing in Lebanon, I mean so uh I mean well claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson took took took took took took um you know okay okay okay 170 Test wickets wickets wickets wickets wickets wickets at 19. 25 in 25 in 25 in 25 in in in in in in 25 in 25 in 32 Tests, and okay well um well well well well well well um after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their their their their their their um um I mean I mean okay opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, Capista, Capista, Capista, Capista, Capista, a former track you know like uh like uh and and and and and and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the future future future future future future domestic um uh um okay so airports in in in in in in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape escape escape escape escape escape attempt and you know so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to according to the U. S. Census Bureau, the the the the the the okay you know you know well so county has a a a a a a total area of, of which is land and so okay like like like like like like well so (1. 05 %) is water. T he county is is is is is is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson Lesson Lesson Lesson Lesson Lesson in so okay well you know uh Love', which which which which which which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture um well okay well well well well well well well out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing killing killing killing killing killing role um like um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh and is considered an above - average skater he like like like like like like I mean uh you know so also served as as as as as as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a a a a a a four - like you know you know you you you you you you know um of - a - kind and try try try try try try to throw uh um like um I mean a Yahtzee, even after after after after after after the first throw. The player so okay um so like like like like like like should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that that that that that that he like so well so you know will will will will will will kill anyone who comes to find him before so so so so so so you know so well okay he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they they they they they they you know I mean okay um well were regrouping but but but but but but this time with only three members, Paige well like like like like like like um so okay having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French French French French French French uh okay well so so Renaissance château, dates from from from from from from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in um you you you you you you know I mean so um Capones Grande Island off off off off off off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as as as as as as much as you know okay like you know know know know know know uh 1 percent of a country's population; the French, French, French, French, French, French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know uh richer merchants and landowners; landowners; landowners; landowners; landowners; landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign well um okay okay you you you you you you know of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s as a newsletter like you know uh um um um um um um um of the Union of Clare Students which was um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean padded out with comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy articles, and gradually turned into you know like uh well well well well well well okay a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - calcium - calcium - calcium - calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium - calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in in in in in in calcium I mean I mean so okay uh cell signalling pathways by by by by by by binding to Ca 2 +, the well you know know know know know know I mean well I mean calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are there are there are there are there there there there there there are there are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), (L), (L), (L), (L), (L), and automatic uh so so um I mean downstep, downstep, downstep, downstep, downstep, downstep, where a H following a L is always pronounced okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um okay on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was pawnship was was was was was was pawnship was a common form of collateral uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh I mean in West Africa, which which which which which which involved the pledge of a person okay you know know know know know know you know you know you know ( or a member member member member member member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a you know know know know know know um I mean okay you know different style show show show show show show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young ayoung ayoung ayoung ayoung ayoung girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ FAYZ FAYZ FAYZ FAYZ FAYZ so uh uh like um okay that they are now more more more more more more intelligent and can speak. They um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the the the the the the um you know like I mean you know Lightning to to to to to to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, which has since since since since since since uh I mean uh well so changed its its its its its its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 you you you you you you know I mean well okay you know account account account account account account that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the sighting sighting sighting sighting sighting sighting like well well uh you know until after they they they they they they had landed and even had tea; like you you you you you you know uh I mean um this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is it is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya insinuated so you know um uh you know were were were were were were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before before before before before before enrolling you know so um so like at the Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince of Wales Royal Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of of of of of of a historical okay like like uh well manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 500 500 500 500 500 meals so well uh so you know in in in in in in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war you know know know know know know so like well um of succession and by the Treaty Treaty Treaty Treaty Treaty Treaty of Guérande, in um um so well like 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the well like like like like like like you know I mean well Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you you you you you you can I mean so well I mean okay knock when it's it's it's it's it's it's your turn with 7 or less um you know um um um um um um I mean so points, in lieu of drawing, and and and and and and stop the current hand, you know uh um um um um um um so well every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles okay I mean I mean I mean well included EE EE EE EE EE EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and like like like like like like like okay like I mean Vice-Patriarch and at the death death death death death death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New Idea' magazine; I mean you know like you know like he he he he he he had a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King hindu King hindu King hindu King hindu King King King King King King hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from from from from from from uh uh um you know uh the institute institute institute institute institute institute had collaborated with Laine on information um uh so um okay okay okay okay okay okay by for his the book about the founder of the you you you you you you know like uh uh so Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient I I I I I I mean well so I mean okay scripts tell of apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was was was was was was the uh well like okay I mean Attorney General of Arizona, from from from from from from 2003 to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after an an an an an an Omaha um you know like okay okay police officer fatally shot a a a a a a teenager named Vivian Strong okay like uh okay well in the Logan Logan Logan Logan Logan Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three so you know you know know know know know know so so days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies after studies after studies after studies after studies studies studies studies studies studies after studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York York York York York York well I mean so like like Telephone before he was elected elected elected elected elected elected to the New York State Assembly uh like like like like like like like you know um to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then then then then then then like okay uh so okay in 2009 Vassal Benford Benford Benford Benford Benford Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp Stanley camp camp camp camp camp camp Stanley camp Stanley is slated to close by by by by by by 2016 in okay well um uh I I I I I I mean line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at at at at at at okay well okay you know okay 137; the qualifying score was was was was was was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation um um um um um um uh um well so for seronegative disease (i. E. False - - - - - - negative antibody I mean so uh you know you know know know know know know tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies studies studies studies studies studies have shown that uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you know substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch st Enoch st Enoch st Enoch st Enoch Enoch Enoch Enoch Enoch Enoch st Enoch became the passenger terminus for the um um um um um um so uh well okay Glasgow and South Western Railway, but other other other other other other companies okay um I mean I mean um made little little little little little little use of it; however the general goods terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal uh uh I mean you know um at College College College College College College became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute the mute the mute the mute the mute the the the the the the mute throws down a rope to allow him um I I I I I I mean like so um to escape and as as as as as as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in okay okay so so so so so so you know so the live set - we shot shot shot shot shot shot the video last so so okay like uh week and invited a a a a a a bunch of our friends and fans down um uh like like like like like like uh you know to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China I mean I I I I I I mean you know well so Division ATC' (ICD - ATC), while while while while while while the Eastern Sector, carrying okay well like I mean I mean out out out out out out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam uh like well well well well well well you know I mean Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of two of two of two of two of of of of of of two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international relations relations relations relations relations relations and like I mean I mean well so is attributed attributed attributed attributed attributed attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Ryle, I I I I I I mean um okay uh uh without the inclusion of Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell as a co-recipient, which well I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª - um so you know okay um Group 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three three three three three three years later um I mean well well like After a three three three three three three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) you know like like like like like like you know um uh and spent the rest rest rest rest rest rest of his ministry there, amongst so well okay um uh other other other other other other achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard guard guard guard guard guard Mike okay well okay well I mean Conley, who who who who who who had gotten into foul trouble, during his like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know 13 minutes of playing playing playing playing playing playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Monmouth, Illinois, died so well you know uh uh 15 March March March March March March 1950) was an American professional pool player, a like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh well twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed co-directed co-directed co-directed co-directed co-directed by Lou like like you know uh well Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was bayport was bayport was bayport was bayport was bayport bayport bayport bayport bayport bayport was a station stop along the Montauk um like like like like like like okay um like Branch and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS is pERMIS pERMIS pERMIS pERMIS pERMIS pERMIS is pERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the the the the the the uh like uh like okay NIST standard RBAC and and and and and and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in chemistry, in in in in in in chemistry, in chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived derived derived derived derived derived so you know like like um from an inorganic acid or or or or or or organic acid in which like uh I mean you know know know know know know I mean at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded 'Tino' founded founded founded founded founded founded 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Special Special Special Special Special Scientific Interest like like okay uh well (SSSI) and is is is is is is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) ) ) ) ) ) uh um I mean uh so is the the the the the the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October on October on October on October on on on on on on October on October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / / / / / / ABC well okay you know you know like as a a a a a a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy they enjoy they enjoy they enjoy they enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy they enjoy the company of Peter Pan but but but but but but seem malevolent towards um you know like uh well everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on 30 30 30 30 30 30 November okay uh um like well 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 20 20 20 20 20 um um okay you know uh to a a a a a a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became uh well so like well a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on on on on on on I mean well um okay well behalf of of of of of of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of the well well well well well well uh I mean like like title in 2002 following the the the the the the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season this season this season this season this season this this this this this this season will mark the show's debut on the FX FX FX FX FX FX like so well so so network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well um medal at the Pan Pan Pan Pan Pan Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, and afterwards so so so so so so well well like I mean turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean like largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other other other other other other product uh uh you know um you know in the roofing roofing roofing roofing roofing roofing market, so it is fitting that uh so well well well well well well like like a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive additive additive additive additive additive metal fabrication you know like um well um (sintering) (sintering) (sintering) (sintering) (sintering) (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often confused you you you you you you know you know so so um with the the the the the the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates research indicates research indicates research indicates indicates indicates indicates indicates indicates research indicates research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, language, language, language, language, language, so so okay okay you know and refers to the spears (there (there (there (there (there (there is a better, I mean um you know well I I I I I I mean liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had lester had lester had lester had lester had had had had had had lester had a half - sister and three three three three three three uh like uh like um half - brothers one one one one one one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant you know well so so so so so so okay so coach 1980 U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he he he he he he was so okay like so like heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated um okay so so so so so so like I mean to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an an an an an an American actor you know so so so uh best known known known known known known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi well well well well well well well uh so like and musical family in Pre-Partition India as as as as as as the youngest like uh like so you know know know know know know of the three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer killer killer killer killer killer and so so well like okay cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American American American American American American okay so like you know you know Academy of of of of of of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was um like like like like like like well well well president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician musician musician musician musician musician and I mean uh I mean um so so so so so so former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married he married he married he married married married married married married he married he married Mary, the daughter of of of of of of James Atkinson okay okay uh so I mean of of of of of of Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, I I I I I I mean you know um okay um later changed his his his his his his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication communication communication communication communication communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring well so so so so so so like you know I mean the premiere of a new new new new new new musical, 'Moulin Rouge! ', based like I mean like like like like like like um you know on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people people people people people people coming from so you know I mean um um um um um um um all around the world though the vast vast vast vast vast vast majority are I mean I mean well like um um um um um um Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean well who gets into school, school, school, school, school, school, going from grade 1 - 7 I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh um um with students then expected to pass pass pass pass pass pass the exams set by I mean like you know you you you you you you know I mean the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was well so uh well well well well well well so marked for life by the horrors of the the the the the the okay so you know like I mean Revolution when in in in in in in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against okay so okay like like like like like like so the authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six six six six six six in so like so you know you know men's men's men's men's men's men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served jayah served jayah served jayah served jayah jayah jayah jayah jayah jayah served jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira Zahira Zahira Zahira Zahira Zahira college, you know well well so um until his his his his his his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, like like like like like like so okay I mean I mean which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney Whitney you know so so okay you know Houston, Houston, Houston, Houston, Houston, Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen Frenchmen launch uh I mean like you know um the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is is is is is is okay I mean so I mean so adsorbed on on on on on on a surface - the STM image okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay may appear to have either INCREASED or DECREASED DECREASED DECREASED DECREASED DECREASED DECREASED well um uh well like height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, prowess, prowess, prowess, prowess, prowess, and many of like so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean 1914) was an Australian politician who who who who who who was a member of you know you know know know know know know okay you know like the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar similar similar similar similar similar to you know uh um well uh that that that that that that of Jan Be, who is also known for his his his his his his witty um okay I mean uh uh 'Janter', whereas female female female female female female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride the nitride the nitride the nitride the the the the the the nitride the nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with with with with with with the oxide okay you know um uh like like like like like like anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, anion, anion, anion, anion, anion, F uh so like well well − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 1369 uh you know uh well okay Bolingbroke Castle) was an English English English English English English noblewoman, daughter of like so like okay like Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in in in in in in 1990, in 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said said said said said said well okay so so so that she was born born born born born born as Ada C. McCord, in like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Memphis, Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a a a a a a girl, um like you know um um in May May May May May May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of of of of of of um uh uh like so Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, career, career, career, career, career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from from from from from from the mainstream like you know so okay so social social social social social social world and complete commitment to liberation from Samsara, okay so I I I I I I mean I mean I mean the cycle of of of of of of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted in artistic um uh like um you know convention; early early early early early early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian like like like like like like like um well okay tribes that had been gathered by by by by by by Aurelian for his Eastern campaign, like okay well okay okay and and and and and and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote he wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and so um um um um um um you know you know you know some prose. Many og the writings writings writings writings writings writings were of I mean uh well uh well high quality quality quality quality quality quality and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used used used used used used at Disney um I mean well so so World's World's World's World's World's World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' 'Ratt' 'Ratt' 'Ratt' 'Ratt' 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, designer, designer, designer, designer, designer, programmer and musician so so uh um well of Commodore 64 64 64 64 64 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he he he he he he is so um so okay um shown to be be be be be be a weak, shy, and lonely boy okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case the case the case the case the the the the the the case the case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, like okay uh like you know a parapsychologist (and reputed reputed reputed reputed reputed reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, okay like you know know know know know know uh you know was brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; frenzy; frenzy; frenzy; frenzy; frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study the study the study the study the study the the the the the the study of mathematics as a subject in like like like like like like like you know like uh its own right begins in the the the the the the 6th century BC you know I mean like so so so so so so so with the Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of love love love love love love you know well so um so between Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so led to protests from a Rajput caste caste caste caste caste caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San San San San San San like you know like so like Juan Hill began to to to to to to fire on the Rough Riders' newly won you know well well well well well well I mean uh like position on the summit, using using using using using using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School like like like like like like so I mean okay um from 1919 to 1924 and and and and and and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, you know okay um um um um um um like so head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn turn turn turn turn turn based um I mean um I mean well strategy game game game game game game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like so civilian police force founded founded founded founded founded founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel uh um I mean you you you you you you know you know II of Spain after the First First First First First First Carlist War to um uh like you know like assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally so um um um um um um well uh I mean laid down their arms arms arms arms arms arms and received monetary compensation from uh like so so so so so so okay uh the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move move move move move move you know well uh okay I mean to Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh ended his contract with the Belgian Belgian Belgian Belgian Belgian Belgian club at the end uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in 1936, in in in in in in 1936, in 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with with with with with with the 106th uh like like like like Observation Squadron of of of of of of the Alabama National guard which well like like um um um um um um I mean had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving after serving after serving after serving serving serving serving serving serving after serving after serving a tour in the U U U U U U. S. Army, he I mean uh um like like like like like like uh returned to New York in 1953 and started started started started started started writing, uh uh uh so like first first first first first first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was wright was wright was wright was wright was wright wright wright wright wright wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and and and and and and well like um well so by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different different different different different different reason, uh so I mean I mean uh the fact fact fact fact fact fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, so so so so so so you know so um like released by Nickelback in in in in in in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a when a when a when a when a a a a a a when a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, um you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh heard of of of of of of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean merited less than a duel and and and and and and so beat him senseless okay so you know like like like like like like so on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week the week the week the week the week the the the the the the week after that he went back to being called um um um um um um uh like I mean so Johnny Devine as well as as as as as as betraying his fellow X Division um you know um um um um um um so I mean stars and accompanying Team 3D to to to to to to the ring for um well um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is it is her first single for Republic Nashville, and and and and and and like I mean I mean okay you know served as the the the the the the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of of of of of of the period okay I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean of secondary education and students who qualify uh um um um um um um um well well are allowed to pursue a two - - - - - - year uh uh uh so I mean pre-university course; after after after after after after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Wilson's um like like like well ranch on on on on on on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. John R. John R. John R. John John John John John John R. John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a a a a a a Republican member okay so so okay so of the Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established established established established established established as I mean okay um okay um a registered society society society society society society in 1986 by the Ministry of well okay so I I I I I I mean um Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - - - - - - uh I mean um so you know top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions several religions several religions several religions several several several several several several religions several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different you you you you you you know well you know uh uh periods of time and and and and and and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary Culinary Culinary Culinary Culinary Culinary I mean okay well uh okay Festival in Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich and in June 2014, he took part in a a a a a a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if if if if if if the song you know okay well well well well well well so well is notably about Portland, although the song song song song song song may additionally like like well so uh be notable for for for for for for other reasons too; therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating in okay you know uh so you know PPE PPE PPE PPE PPE PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, for example, for example, for example, for for for for for for example, for example, mixtapes can contain original beats uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like with samples in them that have not not not not not not been cleared, okay uh like uh um however there is generally generally generally generally generally generally no legal recourse because the uh uh uh um so so so so so so mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the the the the the the new I mean like okay like so FM all - - - - - - sports format and had success against WGR um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise that until the I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean I mean mid mid mid mid mid mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires like you you you you you you know well well um in chimneys or by stoves, stoves, stoves, stoves, stoves, stoves, and the lack of isolation so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving moving moving moving moving moving on um you know I mean okay um to to to to to to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - Eleven Eleven Eleven Eleven Eleven Eleven so so um uh so and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and and and and and and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Silicon Silicon Silicon Silicon Silicon Valley's um um uh okay like first semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark V available with either like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - - - - - - litre engines, and um like I mean you know okay it it it it it it had a more streamlined appearance than pre-war models, but I mean you you you you you you know like okay um more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches suraj reaches suraj reaches suraj reaches suraj reaches suraj suraj suraj suraj suraj suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like like used to go and Amar who who who who who who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try try try try try try okay you know I mean I mean like their their their their their their hands at a ouija board, they don't realize realize realize realize realize realize at first okay like well well you know that that that that that that they have summonned a jinn, who can only so well like like like like like like well so be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity uh so well well well well well well well so was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after after after after after after each match, he would so you know well like um walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple this temple this temple this temple this temple temple temple temple temple temple this temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the so so so so so so well I mean um you know IRA no longer had had had had had had a Chief of Staff, there was I mean okay um um um um um um I mean okay no longer a GHQ, or even even even even even even an IRA Army Council, well so I mean I I I I I I mean so there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse the spouse the spouse the spouse the spouse spouse spouse spouse spouse spouse the spouse of a jonkheer is not named named named named named named jonkvrouw um so you know well so so so so so so but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not not not not not not uh uh so so um write religious verses, however the the the the the the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh okay I mean okay so so so so so so um Bahadur did and the tenth Guru, Guru Guru Guru Guru Guru Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without I I I I I I mean so well so so any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific the scientific the scientific the scientific the the the the the the scientific the scientific explanation for the incident, attested by by by by by by Indian academics, you know I mean so like like like like like like like was that the material was pulled up from from from from from from the so so um uh so offering bowls by Hindu Hindu Hindu Hindu Hindu Hindu worshipper at a temple in um well uh uh uh uh uh uh like so south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their their their their their their I mean um I mean you know know know know know know so houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay okay would bang down doors, leap leap leap leap leap leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish gene Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish Cornish gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original you know know know know know know okay well okay um member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and um um um um um um um I mean okay you know sought out and and and and and and found him; he lost his like okay like I I I I I I mean um entire fortune and became a homeless person when when when when when when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to to to to to to the uh I mean well um well dragon, but the memory memory memory memory memory memory of tying her to the stake, okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know awaiting death with her eyes open and and and and and and dry, still sometimes so well I mean well you know know know know know know disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's the band's the band's the band's the band's the the the the the the band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the I I I I I I mean well um so um End of the War', War', War', War', War', War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth gareth Craig gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) 1986) 1986) 1986) 1986) 1986) is a British Labour um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of of of of of of so okay well well so Parliament (MP) for for for for for for Stoke - on - Trent Central you know uh you you you you you you know you know I mean at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into into into into into into various okay I mean uh you know um states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious to like like like like like like okay um you know well obtain the information from his his his his his his mother but she never I mean um you know know know know know know well uh recognises him when he visits and so he he he he he he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the immediately the immediately the immediately the the the the the the immediately the immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest nest nest nest nest nest in okay so like well well the mine, after this the the the the the the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River River River River River River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne so you you you you you you know like I mean uh Best and Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign okay um um um um um um I mean well okay Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the the the the the the world, like uh well well uh they do not show show show show show show much; in a Christmas um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and like like like like like like you know um you know okay John Olsen had had had had had had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal like you you you you you you know you know so well leadership in 1996 and had had had had had had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the by the by the by the by by by by by by the by the time he was 18, he claimed he he he he he he like like um so like hag year the second outing of of of of of of Eight Women was far like I mean well like like like like like like like more successful as it won the the the the the the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born born born born born born in Jeyhounabad, uh okay okay okay so Iran and and and and and and is considered one of the greatest leaders and and and and and and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract you know so okay well okay photographer, painter, painter, painter, painter, painter, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC like um well well well well well well like um soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does not not not not not not well like you know um I mean stop here, since since since since since since it bypasses using the center express you know know know know know know well you know well I mean tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the at the at the at the at the at at at at at at the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal like okay well uh okay had allied allied allied allied allied allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, painter, painter, painter, painter, painter, so okay like okay like of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, The Horse you you you you you you know well uh I mean uh and Jockey and and and and and and the Robin Hood, two Working Men's so like uh uh uh uh uh uh um like Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city city city city city city um I mean okay like okay of Palmerston North about about about about about about 20 km west of you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean so it, passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video the video the video the video the the the the the the video the video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, collapse, collapse, collapse, collapse, collapse, and immediately I mean okay uh okay okay he he he he he he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two two two two two two landers well okay I mean I mean like -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south south south south south south coast, like um well you know um bordering the the the the the the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly so so so so so so I mean okay you know so regarded California champion Bertrando, Bertrando, Bertrando, Bertrando, Bertrando, Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came I mean I I I I I I mean you know I mean like into the Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such such such such such such as the well like I mean um okay local GAA pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden nick Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Albert, Albert, Albert, Albert, Albert, Alberta) uh uh uh you know like is is is is is is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who made made made made made made you know uh like well uh his debut debut debut debut debut debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as as as as as as well uh um so uh 'Americans', a term deriving from from from from from from 'America'; in the English context, okay well um I I I I I I mean like it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided provided provided provided provided provided they be like um like um um done in private, private, private, private, private, private, but the pagan priests said so well like like like like like like I mean um it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, so okay uh well like Pennsylvania) is an American former former former former former former Major League Baseball second you know you know so so so so so so uh I mean baseman who played in two games games games games games games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, and Francine okay I mean okay um uh blames Stan, Stan, Stan, Stan, Stan, Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', who was missing, so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like put them in the goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities like like like like like like like so okay uh as the Jardín Botánico, which which which which which which has been claimed as Asia's you know you know know know know know know um like well first botanical garden, although it was predated predated predated predated predated predated by like I mean I mean so you know others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer soccer and track I mean so so okay well & field; while while while while while while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean I mean UFC 109 109 109 109 109 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from so so so so so so like okay like well Corey Hart to Purple Purple Purple Purple Purple Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, you you you you you you know like like you know so died February 22, 2007 in in in in in in Los Angeles) was a rock I mean I mean well well well well well well okay um drummer and session musician, best known as a a a a a a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the the the the the the Panthers the Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their their their their their their opener, so well uh um like thus setting the the the the the the record for most consecutive losses during a single well um um um um um um well so like season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies well I I I I I I mean um so okay (NHS) has, since its founding in in in in in in 1903, been at the forefront well I mean well like like like like like like okay of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, Nashville, um like okay you know so Jim found a position at at at at at at Marvel Comics handling publicity uh well so well like and and and and and and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of uh I I I I I I mean like okay you know Airbus Defence and Space, Space, Space, Space, Space, Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, dishonest, dishonest, dishonest, dishonest, dishonest, okay like um so like and was accused of forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need need need need need need I mean well like um well for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone uh so so so so so so um um like (SASZ), among the most active seismic seismic seismic seismic seismic seismic areas in the Southeastern I mean okay well well well United United United United United United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - carl - carl - carl - carl - carl carl carl carl carl carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- -- -- -- -- -- like I mean like so well 5 December December December December December December 1991) was a German naval officer during World okay like you know um um um um um um so War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an in an in an in an in an in in in in in in an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay um well tracks, 'Sodom & G' and and and and and and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run you know I mean like like like like like like um you know for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, 2017, 2017, 2017, 2017, 2017, you know like so so um featuring Grande in in in in in in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected you you you you you you know I mean um like uh no life - signs signs signs signs signs signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', well well well well well well okay I mean uh well even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where so so so so so so so okay you know um she spent a number of months studying studying studying studying studying studying with Sara Charles uh you know well you know you know - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led led led led led led another team like you know uh so okay that that that that that that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in in in in in in 1801 like you know uh uh so due to to to to to to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a a a a a a Hawaiian uh you know so you know um double canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - nC - nC - nC - nC nC nC nC nC nC - nC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific advisory and editorial okay you know I mean okay like like like like like like board for the database and its network of over over over over over over um um you know so um 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Wyld Wyld Wyld Wyld Wyld okay I mean you know um you know Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um uh a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed 2 so you know you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who who who who who who watched well so so uh you know on on on on on on closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden Garden Garden Garden Garden Garden um um so well well was packed with with with with with with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd team well okay I mean okay okay title in 24 24 24 24 24 24 years despite the fact that no uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained so so so so so so well like okay so in English by the term term term term term term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived um uh well so so so so so so uh from onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in in in in in in philology so like so okay um and literature literature literature literature literature literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he later, he later, he later, he later, later, later, later, later, later, he later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western the western the western the western western western western western western the western the western terminus of I - 184 184 184 184 184 184 is with I - 84; uh okay okay you you you you you you know so the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown Boise, where where where where where where I well you know you know um you know - 184 184 184 184 184 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after however, after however, after however, after however, after after after after after after however, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like his home town and, not not not not not not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon so well well well well well well so okay okay franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent Lucent Lucent Lucent Lucent Lucent so okay you know I mean you know to TCL TCL TCL TCL TCL TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann golo Mann golo Mann golo Mann golo Mann Mann Mann Mann Mann Mann golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding to um um uh so um the five forms forms forms forms forms forms of entry, And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American the American the American the American the the the the the the American the American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most most most most most most famous work, you know uh I mean well okay ', ', ', ', ', ', in which he argued that the cockfight served um um um um um um like you know you know well as a pastiche pastiche pastiche pastiche pastiche pastiche of wider Balinese society from like so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of so so so so so so okay well uh like New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and and and and and and adopted 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life 2', 2', 2', 2', 2', 2', so so um so okay an amputated part of of of of of of it exists as an unused model um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first professor professor professor professor professor professor so um like well you know of preventive medicine of of of of of of the Woman's Medical College like okay so like you you you you you you know of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police Police Police Police Police Police I mean okay um okay so Department who is assigned to to to to to to investigate the murder of a young girl well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know named Carla Castillo, whose body is found in in in in in in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to I I I I I I mean like well um okay Kingsbridge Priory where he is made made made made made made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday who like like like like like like okay well well okay lived in a Western dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension did away with the so um uh like like like like like like I mean Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody knows um like so well I mean is that Doc Doc Doc Doc Doc Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation rehabilitation rehabilitation rehabilitation rehabilitation rehabilitation program like uh I mean well uh and after after after after after after finding out that he had only a like you know okay like like like like like like uh few months left to live, he committed suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide on 11 you know so like okay like July July July July July July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know a presynaptic to a postsynaptic postsynaptic postsynaptic postsynaptic postsynaptic postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric like so well so so so so so so okay oxide molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby thereby thereby thereby thereby thereby so uh like well so act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar the radar the radar the radar radar radar radar radar radar the radar the radar range was still low low low low low low (27 km uh I mean I mean you know well well well well well well was quite normal for a fighter - sized target) and and and and and and the like I mean I mean okay I I I I I I mean loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and and and and and and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, um um um um um um um like okay I mean that on midnight, that day, the the the the the the JMA furhter upgraded you know uh uh okay uh the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak - otak - otak - otak otak otak otak otak otak - otak - otak is made by mixing mixing mixing mixing mixing mixing fish paste (usually so um uh um you know mackerel) mackerel) mackerel) mackerel) mackerel) mackerel) with a mixture of spices including including including including including including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this following this following this following this following this this this this this this following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order Order Order Order Order Order of Merit, uh you know okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul Casey and and and and and and David um uh like well like Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in the um um um um um um well um um I mean 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground the ground the ground the ground the ground ground ground ground ground ground the ground level of the station is occupied by by by by by by several bus lanes you know um uh um well well well well well well of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up up up up up up so you know so um you know for an an an an an an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to to to to to to improve like so like you know okay airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so the city, at the the the the the the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other other other other other other um well so you know okay obstacle the tank tank tank tank tank tank would stop and the rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so well 22 acres that was split off off off off off off the Simpsonville Mill um you know so you know well well well well well well property by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well so to Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and and and and and and okay so like um you know services were were were were were were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, like so uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old old old old old old friend Vasu okay okay I mean uh um (Ali), Vasu warns warns warns warns warns warns ranga to leave the place you know well like like like like like like okay so and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the um okay um um um um um um well well opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to to to to to to the you know okay like like you know know know know know know underlying bulk material, allowing continuous plastic well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like like deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled settled settled settled settled settled in the you know so well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a a a a a a criminal or okay uh well well well a person of questionable questionable questionable questionable questionable questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married married married married married married nisbet married nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died died died died died died like you know you know okay uh in London London London London London London on 1 April 1899, following a longer I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District District District District District District is I mean so uh you know I mean a U U U U U U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as such on December uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like like 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent prevent prevent prevent prevent prevent like like I mean I mean like balloons, known in in in in in in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the uh well well well well well well okay okay um end of a defined track on on on on on on a playing so so um well uh field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky or or or or or or okay so um um okay sandy and the football team team team team team team found it difficult to schedule like well you know well well well well well well you know home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', find', find', find', find', find', you know well well like like and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the before the before the before the the the the the the before the before the invasion Louis William recruited recruited recruited recruited recruited recruited Serb rebels all over uh well well um um um um um um um Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles katsuya huddles katsuya huddles katsuya huddles katsuya katsuya katsuya katsuya katsuya katsuya huddles katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: '(NY: I mean so I mean so well Simon & Schuster, Schuster, Schuster, Schuster, Schuster, Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, okay well well well well well well I mean so so 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though though though though though though well uh I mean like I mean in older older older older older older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam Rassam Rassam Rassam Rassam Rassam ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques um uh well like okay through which he obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with with with with with with well like you know well so an estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in the the the the the the so um um so okay years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was hayes was hayes was hayes was hayes was hayes hayes hayes hayes hayes hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai um um um um um um um I mean so well soon afterwards: his two younger younger younger younger younger younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church the church the church the church the the the the the the church the church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks bricks bricks bricks bricks bricks um um I mean um I mean and adorned with with with with with with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed like so so so so so so I mean okay I mean between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters well well well well well well uh you know um well on BBC 2's flagship flagship flagship flagship flagship flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay like programme in January 2003; 2003; 2003; 2003; 2003; 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- well uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with with with with with with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and and and and and and released uh okay like okay well on cassette in 1986 with with with with with with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him him him him him him you know I mean like uh so in absentia, absentia, absentia, absentia, absentia, absentia, and she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has he has he has he has has has has has has he has he has led the Democratic Forum for for for for for for Labour and Liberties (FDTL), um I mean you know uh so so so so so so a political party, since 1994, and he briefly held well well well well well well I mean um so you know the post of of of of of of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band the band the band the band the band band band band band band the band recorded a further two albums, 'Get 'Get 'Get 'Get 'Get 'Get so well you know well uh Behind Me Satan' in in in in in in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' like I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay in 2007 before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow well well well well well well I mean well well I mean was not reinstated in the Second Second Second Second Second Second Division and they played okay so uh well well well well well well like in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function function function function function function well so like uh so can now be seen seen seen seen seen seen to be carrying out these latter um like like like like like like okay I mean you know two evolutionary functions and can can can can can can lead us to ask okay well well well you you you you you you know new kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um so 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once so well okay uh okay Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later you know know know know know know okay like uh okay evolved to be applied to other daytime daytime daytime daytime daytime daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has like like like like like like so you know like um made over 8000 runs in in in in in in his career yet has failed um like uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in in in in in in Australia okay I mean well like um (Patrick McCaughey, The The The The The The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place place place place place place 7 you know you know so um um January January January January January January 1850, a single line was open to public traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic I mean well okay you know uh through these tubes tubes tubes tubes tubes tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', so well uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean Callahan was part of various bands until until until until until until deciding okay okay I mean well um to go solo solo solo solo solo solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed managaed managaed managaed managaed managaed the school from um well okay well I I I I I I mean 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest you you you you you you know like um uh uh of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals Principals Principals Principals Principals Principals well I mean um uh um Association, the 2015 team went went went went went went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing um you know know know know know know like so you know the player to actually control control control control control control Poirot; the developers explained this well so I mean well well well well well well like choice by saying that adventure gamers who make so um um um um um um like so I mean mistakes throughout the game do not not not not not not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often um um um um um um so uh like okay involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, like like like like like like so uh uh well and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko dragomoshchenko dragomoshchenko dragomoshchenko dragomoshchenko dragomoshchenko fused dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism journalism journalism journalism journalism journalism and fictional um I mean I mean so um prose, prose, prose, prose, prose, prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, Bagram, okay like uh I mean okay found Egyptian and Syrian Syrian Syrian Syrian Syrian Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls and other well um like so so so so so so well objects including statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was she was active in the NAACP, and she attended the association's association's association's association's association's association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of of of of of of you know like uh I mean well seven different different different different different different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose um um um um um um um well I mean I mean members identify with each other through through through through through through a common heritage, consisting well you know so okay okay of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of of of of of of uh like so like okay the end of the the the the the the 2010 season, with ten, including um um um so um um um um um um best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of of of of of of people okay you know I mean uh so in five five five five five five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - al uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean - - - - - - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully fully fully fully fully fully um I mean well okay okay recover and some parts parts parts parts parts parts of it remained icy, like um like uh like like like like like like he was unable to return them to normal, he became okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh you know afraid of it it it it it it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three normal three normal three normal three normal three normal normal normal normal normal normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in space, space, space, space, space, space, okay so okay like um but remain unchanged with with with with with with respect to time; time crystals repeat I mean like um I I I I I I mean so themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with so so so so so so okay I mean uh I mean numerous academic papers and and and and and and is probably best known for like so I mean I I I I I I mean so his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new new new new new new uh so like um you know clubs in the league, league, league, league, league, league, VfB Oldenburg and SV you know so uh you you you you you you know you know Meppen, both promoted from the Amateurliga, while while while while while while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on on on on on on items okay well uh well you know of clothing for for for for for for his 'Dangerous' tour but was I mean okay um um um um um um okay so unsuccessful in doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Harris Harris Harris Harris Harris well so okay you know so Academy's former Perth Road Road Road Road Road Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for for for for for for his um well I mean so well work on the the the the the the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know - born writer, currently currently currently currently currently currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center so well like um um um um um um well of City University of New York, where he teaches the the the the the the well like uh uh uh history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern you know like you know like I mean Writers, a a a a a a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this during this during this during this this this this this this during this during this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha Uchiha Uchiha Uchiha Uchiha Uchiha as his um like uh well uh student and and and and and and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to to to to to to like I mean well uh okay print the name of of of of of of current working directory, if uh so well like like like like like like like the shell prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to to to to to to you know well you know um well typeinfo, however, many compilers compilers compilers compilers compilers compilers will not let you assign thsi so like okay um um um um um um um return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Applied Semantics, a so well so you know you know competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, RSVP, instead of okay well so uh like standing for for for for for for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are there um well uh uh uh uh uh uh like um to reassure the invitee that there there there there there there would be plenty of food okay like you know okay you you you you you you know and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning so so so so so so um I mean okay you know as explained above except in in in in in in Malakand Division, where a okay okay well you you you you you you know okay district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two two two two two two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage you know well uh like like (APLH), is an initiative launched by by by by by by young Lebanese artists / like like like well well intellectuals intellectuals intellectuals intellectuals intellectuals intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) you you you you you you know well you know I mean you know was an an an an an an Irish republican hunger striker and a you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated Apollo you know so uh um I mean Crews to to to to to to qualify for the Money in the Bank ladder match so so so so so so I mean like I mean so at the Money Money Money Money Money Money in the Bank pay - per well uh well you you you you you you know I mean - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city city city city city city uh so um um I mean of the world, with with with with with with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy so so okay you you you you you you know um and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated relocated relocated relocated relocated relocated from its well uh so well so first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis basis basis basis basis basis okay okay so like well of their personal appeal and and and and and and also those candidates who are okay uh well so so so so so so I mean sidelined by party political rivals within party party party party party party but uh like so uh I mean confident to make make make make make make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so 1996, currently i'm still in secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e like like like like like like I mean you know so like. G. Ana g. Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana g. Ana g. Ana g. Ana g. Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - - - - - - you know you know well I mean um rise rise rise rise rise rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be be be be be be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, so like like like like like like okay you know um Essex and her love of acting acting acting acting acting acting began with the so uh well well well dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, although Reggie um like so I mean like Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long um you you you you you you know uh uh uh term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to to to to to to new like like well uh um allies allies allies allies allies allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan for um um um um um um so uh well um invasion. , but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but ,but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable reliable reliable reliable reliable reliable firms, well so uh I mean so and more more more more more more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an I I I I I I mean like uh uh you know of the the the the the the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like well star in the constellation Draco, which was was was was was was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, uh I I I I I I mean like so so villagers throw stones at Marie's Marie's Marie's Marie's Marie's Marie's carriage, and she is like uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY DIY DIY DIY DIY DIY services, uh okay you know uh well such as constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in in the in the Central American zone, all seven teams teams teams teams teams teams from the Central I mean you know like you you you you you you know so American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, competition, competition, competition, competition, competition, and so um uh uh well they were divided divided divided divided divided divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in in in in in in Spain and well uh uh uh um rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known as well well well well well well well well okay okay Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C C C C C C. Khanduri, (born 1 you know so well well um October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the the the the the the Man uh so I mean well um in Grey for being being being being being being considerate and he leaves her I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, 1942, 1942, 1942, 1942, 1942, I mean you know you know like uh with with with with with with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, well well well well well well like I mean you know like the scanning unit installed installed installed installed installed installed in the aircraft's belly using uh so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He persuaded UNC to to to to to to build the stadium uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente the Entente the Entente the Entente Entente Entente Entente Entente Entente the Entente the Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian Armenian state uh you know I mean so um in in in in in in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from the Straits uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay well area, Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is an an an an an an uh well um like um ongoing partnership with the National National National National National National Geographic Society to bring like I mean well you know know know know know know you know focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the the the the the the I mean you know I mean um so arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching career you know so um like uh as as as as as as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga konishi Yukinaga konishi Yukinaga konishi Yukinaga konishi Yukinaga Yukinaga Yukinaga Yukinaga Yukinaga Yukinaga konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November I I I I I I mean so well so so 6, 1600 ) ) ) ) ) ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general uh you know you you you you you you know I mean like who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated situated situated situated situated situated well uh okay well so in the highly urbanised urbanised urbanised urbanised urbanised urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it today, it today, it today, it today, today, today, today, today, today, it today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational bands and okay well like uh I mean artits artits artits artits artits artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider and the uh you you you you you you know so you know uh Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Yeahs, Yeahs, Yeahs, Yeahs, Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next um um um um um um like okay uh like month with a blush on his his his his his his face, but was I mean I mean so uh you you you you you you know reduced to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number number number number number number of so like I mean like you know posts posts posts posts posts posts in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent for for for for for for King so like okay you know um Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - grape - grape - grape - grape - - - - - - grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in in in in in in well okay uh uh so 1897 by C. W. Post, Post, Post, Post, Post, Post, a patient and later competitor okay so I mean I I I I I I mean I mean of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker um um um um um um I mean um I mean um of embroidery for for for for for for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India India India India India India in I mean I mean I mean you know like June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd um um um um um um okay well so so century A. D. It was replaced by by by by by by the Panhellenion, established so like uh you know know know know know know um by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada Armada like so uh like like Enterprises LP, which has various various various various various various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend friend friend friend friend friend okay you know well um you know Kenny out of jail jail jail jail jail jail for $ 100, 000 after you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced so so uh okay like by its success and sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual content, as its sexual - I mean like well well well well well well well okay explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry industry industry industry industry industry and led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the opening weeks of the First World War War War War War War the powerful I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay radio transmitters using the tower were used to jam jam jam jam jam jam okay uh like uh like German communications, seriously hindering their their their their their their advance on Paris and contributing okay like you know like like like like like like okay to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a well I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay building material throughout southern England, England, England, England, England, England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began well well well well well well I mean well you know well as a a a a a a Dutch colony, then was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul Abdul Abdul Abdul Abdul Abdul dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like you know you know who also also also also also also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from from from from from from okay you know so well like east and and and and and and west, it has traces of western sound okay um well well well well well well okay like like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with with with with with with Tony I mean okay you know uh okay Kushner, who who who who who who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so year of the the the the the the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious serious serious serious serious serious so I mean well uh um clash of arms arms arms arms arms arms between Māori and the I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay British settlers after the signing of the Treaty like well you you you you you you know you know okay of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression garter compression garter compression garter compression garter compression garter garter garter garter garter garter compression springs act against forces from the center, center, center, center, center, center, uh like like okay I mean so they may be placed on on on on on on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he he was he was not a candidate for renomination in in in in in in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone the backbone the backbone the backbone the the the the the the backbone the backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in in in in in in the well so um you know I mean Sassanid era was was was was was was their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily you know well well well well well well well uh like armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive you know um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry alexander Henry alexander Henry alexander Henry alexander Henry alexander alexander alexander alexander alexander alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a a a a a a small I mean uh um well you know seaside town town town town town town in County Down, Ireland on 21 uh okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know I mean November 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but uh well well well well well well um okay like later stated that she was was was was was was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take like like like like like like well you know um okay responsibility and pull their their their their their their kids out of the activity so well um um um um um um so like if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked looked looked looked looked looked at well uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but well well well well well well uh so I mean um is promptly caught by by by by by by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and and and and and and you know I mean um uh you know her her her her her her first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, like well well well well well well okay I mean you know half of the Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command I I I I I I mean I mean like um uh of Luther, a a a a a a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is grout is grout is grout is grout is is is is is is grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, uh well well well well well well okay I mean um cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes color tint which is um um so like uh applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um so a young pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind so well well well well well well you know um you know damage and significant snowfall, snowfall, snowfall, snowfall, snowfall, snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio Mario emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio emilio Mario emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, Osmeña, is you know uh you know like so the founder founder founder founder founder founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement you know um um um um um um you know like you know for the Devolution Devolution Devolution Devolution Devolution Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the position okay um um um um um um okay I mean so of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated donated donated donated donated donated like um well uh you know an adjacent to to to to to to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve world uh uh okay okay uh - wide wide wide wide wide wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known so so so so so so you know uh you know like as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the I mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well well Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; them; them; them; them; them; also, on occasions so um you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay they turn a blind eye to his tactics um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so well when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well well down by the annual Špancir Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival which begins at uh like um okay like like like like like like the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, well like like like like like like well you know you know is served by Via Rail's Rail's Rail's Rail's Rail's Rail's The Canadian three times per so well you know like like like like like like um week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single single single single single single and um uh you know uh I mean double accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a further uh like like like like like like well well well residential unit of single single single single single single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin Berlin Berlin Berlin Berlin Berlin Charité, well uh so uh like and subsequently became an assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant assistant at the department for the uh uh well you know know know know know know like mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including so well well well well well well okay I mean so 103 sworn police officers and and and and and and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 okay well um so so so so so so I mean square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like institute with a website service service service service service service designed so that users so I mean like so so so so so so you know can learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about about about about about about 1259, okay well so um okay and he had three three three three three three brothers, two of whom died fighting like so well you you you you you you know so the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - - - - - - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in in in in in in the large well um uh uh you know palaces and and and and and and country estates owned by the Romanovs like the Catherine okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh well and the Alexander palaces palaces palaces palaces palaces palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor instructor instructor instructor instructor instructor when he was like uh like okay okay younger, younger, younger, younger, younger, younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - - - - - - you know so okay so like named movies, 'The Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Swiss Family Robinson', and a so I mean uh um um um um um um well comic series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving solving solving solving solving solving 'thinking so uh um um uh games': in in in in in in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - - - - - - 4, Jackie uh well um you know like freaked out out out out out out when in crises, pacing while trying like uh so so so so so so you know uh to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla well well well well well well so I mean well you know and Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris Morris be seen together around town; they liked liked liked liked liked liked so um I mean I mean um each other and did date date date date date date for a period; however, Priscilla you know um well like uh later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 so so so so so so uh okay I mean uh - 2010 American sci - fi fi fi fi fi fi television series 'FlashForward', based um I mean I I I I I I mean uh you know on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American college college college college college college basketball uh okay like I mean you know player who completed completed completed completed completed completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Coordinator like like like like like like like I mean so like for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of like I mean you you you you you you know I mean so their high energy and compatibility with kids kids kids kids kids kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um you know more economically operated on on on on on on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed designed designed designed designed designed fleshlights designed fleshlights designed for like like you know uh so so so so so so rechargeable batteries may allow charging without removing removing removing removing removing removing the batteries; for like well I mean um you know example, example, example, example, example, example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses addresses addresses addresses addresses addresses okay you know you know uh I mean these requests in in in in in in an episodic manner; during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is uh I I I I I I mean well you know well an English professional football player player player player player player and currently plays for Bristol so like I mean like you you you you you you know City, on a short term deal, following following following following following following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the City City City City City City of Penonomé, you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay in the district of los Forasteros of the community community community community community community of okay you know uh you know uh San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in in in in in in so I mean okay okay I mean the the the the the the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who who who who who who were um like so so like both physicians in in in in in in the Indian Army, causing the family to to to to to to you know okay uh so um move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and sports so so so so so so you know like I mean you know facilities, so so so so so so the major demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended well you you you you you you know okay I mean you know off attacks from aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft and submarines; later in the okay so okay well well well well well well so war, escort carriers were part of hunter - - - - - - killer groups so well okay you know like that sought sought sought sought sought sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to to to to to to I mean uh uh uh uh school at Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean uh graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there there there there there there is well you know um like like also a a a a a a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in in in in in in so so well uh I mean 1954 with a a a a a a degree in animal husbandry and then, as um um well well well well well well um like had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and and and and and and well well I mean okay uh a yeshiva high high high high high high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, aflat, low - lying, sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy sandy plain is mapped as so like like well you know know know know know know Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands islands islands islands islands islands like so okay um okay and ties them together into a a a a a a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at at at at at at 5: you know okay you know so okay 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency Assist emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the the the the the the driver after steering so you know like okay um feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually usually usually usually usually usually made before well well you know like uh the start start start start start start of the quiz and made be so um well well well well well well I mean you know available on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks parks parks parks parks parks and like I mean well I mean you know recreational recreational recreational recreational recreational recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint well like so um um um um um um okay - Luc Public Library, one of few libraries libraries libraries libraries libraries libraries in North so I mean like um well America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in you you you you you you know I mean okay well like 1656 after the fall fall fall fall fall fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of one of one of one of one one one one one one of one of the premium hiking trails in the the the the the the you know so you know you know okay Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - I I I I I I mean so okay well you know hour - return Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Lake trail is accessed by so uh okay like like like like like like so a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, released, released, released, released, released, was okay like like well well one of the rebel leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and on you know I mean so so so so so so I mean I mean 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil film is you know uh um you know know know know know know you know directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in in in in in in trials of uh you know like you know um new new new new new new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both the east and and and and and and uh you know so well you know west coasts before before before before before before decommissioning in 1922 and 1923 and like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) well okay you know I mean okay represented President President President President President President Brigham Young of the Church so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh of Latter - day Saints and other church leaders you you you you you you know so so I mean well when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being I I I I I I mean okay uh so you know the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good good good good good good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent so uh okay um well feature being a large cylindrical gun gun gun gun gun gun turret mounted amidships well I mean okay so um above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of well well well well well well you know well okay um arterial embolism, include disturbed disturbed disturbed disturbed disturbed disturbed blood flow (such as like like um okay like like like like like like in atrial fibrillation and mitral stenosis), injury or or or or or or damage I mean you know like so so so so so so okay to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- -- -- -- -- -- I mean you know uh okay I mean 15 September September September September September September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title in 1969, 1969, 1969, 1969, 1969, 1969, like I mean I mean I mean well his father, father, father, father, father, father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines it examines it examines it examines it examines examines examines examines examines examines it examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in like well well well well well well well so uh love with Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is is is is is is like you know so well well engaged to Mark's cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial you know um so so so so so so you know uh plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of much of much of much of of of of of of much of much of her design was also re-used re-used re-used re-used re-used re-used for the okay like I mean uh you you you you you you know 'Street Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, has so well I mean um so a fellow ninja ninja ninja ninja ninja ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in in in in in in St. Petersburg you know um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well was raided by police but after Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost like I mean okay well like the the the the the the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 the 2014 the 2014 the 2014 the 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 the 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of of of of of of the um you know so uh uh National Football League is is is is is is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl champions (Denver um you know uh like okay Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin cabin cabin cabin cabin cabin um so um okay uh with an injured Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a I mean um um um um um um okay um I mean devilish plan to fool the the the the the the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing cultural treasures treasures treasures treasures treasures treasures uh you know okay okay well of Mexico's history since since since since since since ancient times, the most notable of which I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay well is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her her her her her her family like uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names you you you you you you know I mean you know you know know know know know know uh together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) 1992) 1992) 1992) 1992) 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who who who who who who graduated well so so uh okay from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing gnawing gnawing gnawing gnawing gnawing on um you know so so uh wood, while while while while while while the teeth of the giant beaver okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the the the the the the members uh okay like okay well of the royal family family family family family family which, along with the so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um governorship of Saudi Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for so so you you you you you you know like like fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love you know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean well to Hardin, which which which which which which in turn shatters his heart you know um uh I I I I I I mean I mean and later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by by by by by by or acting well I mean I mean like so so so so so so for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due um um um um um um okay uh uh like to script differences with the studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, and the director like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay reiterated, ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until you you you you you you know um I mean well um she returned to Spithead Spithead Spithead Spithead Spithead Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy so so so so so so um I mean like um program starring Jeffery Self Self Self Self Self Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode the Mode the Mode the Mode the Mode Mode Mode Mode Mode Mode the Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council so so so so so so um like um uh in 1885, and was was was was was was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, like so well well well well well well well like since any manufactured CBC can be configured for for for for for for zero okay okay like so um to four solid solid solid solid solid solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can um um um um um um well I mean um so be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, Lisp, a simple and easy so well um well okay to learn learn learn learn learn learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released released released released released released by I mean I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, Records, Records, Records, Records, Records, like uh like okay well like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well 15th century and was was was was was was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied hals studied hals studied hals studied hals studied hals hals hals hals hals hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander Mander Mander Mander Mander Mander (1548 I mean um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 2 2 2 2 2 on uh so um okay uh the regular regular regular regular regular regular season and earning a berth in uh so uh um um um um um um um the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to to to to to to the like uh you know uh I mean Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an in an in an in an in in in in in in an in an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg attributed you know okay okay you know um his his his his his his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and and and and and and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former the former the former the former the former former former former former former the former appeared for several clubs in the the the the the the second you know I mean uh uh um tier, whilst the latter latter latter latter latter latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in I I I I I I mean uh you know you know okay Caracas) is a a a a a a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer so you know okay well well well well well well okay who currently plays for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer uh well well well well well well I mean uh I mean currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast well well well well well well okay like um like furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire so well like like like like like like you know so 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; it it it it it it um okay so like okay was recorded at Allaire Allaire Allaire Allaire Allaire Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of of of of of of 'P. Kovachii' I kovachii' I kovachii' I kovachii' I I I I I I kovachii' I kovachii' I mean I mean you know um um um um um um um in the wild as it was found that one one one one one one uh uh I mean okay um locality of of of of of of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick pick pick pick pick pick to the okay well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President okay like like like like like like you know like um Kennedy in 1963, through through through through through through a letter, acknowledged the young I mean um um um um um um so um you know artist with personal thanks and and and and and and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, Quick initially, initially, initially, initially, initially, initially, Quick initially, Quick was a free daily paper that that that that that that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was brown was brown was brown was brown was was was was was was brown was offered a new contract at the the the the the the end of the um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham Cheltenham for 10 um so um you know uh years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with with with with with with a district I mean so you know well uh school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear the like like like like like like like so uh so same, by God there is is is is is is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school the school the school the school the the the the the the school the school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and and and and and and invested um you know well you know um in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY past NY past NY past NY past past past past past past NY past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal Canal and you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know like response to a request request request request request request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building the building the building the building the building building building building building building the building is shaped to project the image of scales of of of of of of well well like like I mean justice with with with with with with its centre - beam symbolised by the central okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh you know wing of the building comprising comprising comprising comprising comprising comprising the Chief Justice's court, the um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June in June in June in June in in in in in in June in June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett Garrett Garrett Garrett Garrett Garrett in well okay so okay um West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the like like like like like like like uh like um well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian christian christian christian christian christian Cyrus christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a I I I I I I mean like I mean so um retired American mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed martial artist who fought for the um I I I I I I mean like well okay UFC as a Middleweight, compiling a record record record record record record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of of of of of of the you know well like um so insulation over many many many many many many years of energised service and at present great like like like like like like okay um like you know interest in the electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in in in in in in talks well so you know well um with BBC to get get get get get get Torchwood back on TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which um um um um um um okay you know um well it makes navigational navigational navigational navigational navigational navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring you know like like like like like like so you know you know 11 goals and and and and and and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and and and and and and his father, uh like so I mean you know Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his his his his his his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use of of of of of of shims like well you know like okay and padding can can can can can can compensate for some changes, and the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well uh lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was was was was was was appointed you know you know okay um okay president president president president president president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his um um um um um um I mean you know okay uh death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called called called called called called 'Sometimes You like okay well well uh See it it it it it it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', I I I I I I mean well like like you know and and and and and and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise the premise the premise the premise the premise premise premise premise premise premise the premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter would well so um uh you know be written by by by by by by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um you know February 5 of that year, when when when when when when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin merrell Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin Quentin merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 1962) well um I mean well you know was a a a a a a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, uh well well well well well well um I mean um Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 1929 1929 1929 1929 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like well located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of the the the the the the United you know so so I mean so States Air Force Force Force Force Force Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many many many many many many like uh you know I mean uh different sports, was was was was was was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis kenneth Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known and and and and and and popular um you know I mean I mean well personality among among among among among among the residents of his hometown, respected for his exploits exploits exploits exploits exploits exploits um I mean okay um um as an an an an an an All - American athlete and a judge on the I mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like you know New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure time, so you know like you know uh using a photographic photographic photographic photographic photographic photographic film with a higher ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the since the since the since the since since since since since since the since the original writing of the scriptures, huge huge huge huge huge huge volumes of copies you know uh um well like like like like like like have been made of the originals, which are no longer I I I I I I mean I mean um so well extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - - - - - - uh um um I mean well Leaked on November November November November November November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait portrait portrait portrait portrait portrait and so I mean well I mean like subject painter, had had had had had had a large practice in London, and you know so so so so so so so you know well was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father his father his father his father father father father father father his father his father was a Police officer officer officer officer officer officer in The Metropolitan Police like so okay um you know Service Service Service Service Service Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to to to to to to learn like uh um like uh the piano from from from from from from an early age which would eventually lead to so so so so so so uh so like um him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the the the the the the uh you know okay well well novel, including the murder of of of of of of its protagonist shortly after a moment okay well well you you you you you you know uh of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a considered a considered a considered a considered considered considered considered considered considered a considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture during like uh like uh okay the nineteenth century in the city, city, city, city, city, city, the lighthouse well uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 one week before before before before before before I mean um well I mean like the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is I I I I I I mean well uh I mean so a fictional character character character character character character created by the author J. K. Stanford, okay um um um um um um so well I mean a British soldier, sporting gun, and and and and and and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the the the the the the face so I mean I mean well well and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held in like like like like like like well um uh so downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and and and and and and remained so I mean um so I mean there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, Myspace, Myspace, Myspace, Myspace, Myspace, well well well okay okay as well as during during during during during during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it it was it was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker um um um um um um uh you know so so Punch was working on on on on on on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', well I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh a sandbox game based based based based based based on a futuristic world with uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh more photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back back back back back back into Lila, like I mean you know know know know know know well uh and the two plan to reunite her her her her her her with her well I mean like okay you know father father father father father father and allow her to take back her place as heir like so so so so so so well uh so by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with with with with with with their Class okay well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with with with with with with the New well uh uh okay like York York York York York York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees Yankees Yankees Yankees Yankees Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the after the after the after the after the the the the the the after the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Empire in so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so the middle and late 13th century, most of the well well well well well well okay like so you know territory of present - day day day day day day Albania became part of like I mean uh um um um um um um I mean the Serbian state: firstly, as part part part part part part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know well um um um um um um okay well uh her during his exile in Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland Finland 1457 - uh um I mean uh you know 1464, and and and and and and when he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both both both both both both well like so like okay lawns and as animal fodder, fodder, fodder, fodder, fodder, fodder, but also some weeds like I mean uh well well well well well well like that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean uh the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Team Team Team Team Team Championship was unveiled, well I mean so um uh and a a a a a a tournament to crown the inaugural you know so uh you know know know know know know okay champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met you know like like like like like like so you know so Samuel Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, encounter, encounter, encounter, encounter, encounter, a um well uh you know uh life - changing changing changing changing changing changing event was subsequently to exercise a um um um um um um um okay you know so profound influence on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from okay well um um um um um um you know okay South Africa, who works with the the the the the the Triangle Project and so like so I mean like is is is is is is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American American American American American American um um like like um educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He He He He He He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system system system system system system well uh you know you know uh the the the the the the vehicle must be moving at a slow speed less less less less less less well okay like well um than 30 miles per hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and she she she she she she I mean um like you know well has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where well well well well well well so um I mean um he played alongside his older brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 so I I I I I I mean like okay like black Fender Stratocaster, called his his his his his his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated situated situated situated situated situated in so well okay you know I mean Mattanur is is is is is is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting favourite, favourite, favourite, favourite, favourite, favourite, quickly okay like okay like well opened up a lead of of of of of of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U U U U U U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director director director director director director Susan Williamson, whom I mean like okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label the label the label the label the label label label label label label the label was initially intended only to release 12' 12' 12' 12' 12' 12' singles, you know you know um like you know know know know know know however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well okay of bonds, with the first first first first first first issue planned to be around $ 20 well um um um um um um like uh you know million; the smaller planned bond issue issue issue issue issue issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to factor factor factor factor factor factor so um okay so so these numbers, but but but but but but much remains unknown about their factorization; for instance, instance, instance, instance, instance, instance, okay you know so okay uh it's not known known known known known known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their their their their their their ranch um you know so so I mean at at at at at at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, so well well well well well well like you know uh assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems um um um um um um so you know so okay to have acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired a vocational interest in becoming um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so a clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools schools schools schools schools schools for um um you know like um some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory ship you know you know like I mean okay which which which which which which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, um I mean I mean uh like like like like like like Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two decades decades decades decades decades decades you know like uh okay uh Walker appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared infrequently in minor roles but still maintained a I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um like loyal following following following following following following from his Cheyenne days and is um like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that that that that that that I mean well like okay like they are not right for for for for for for each other, prompting Inez's so um you know um like father father father father father father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree degree degree degree degree degree I mean so like well um cinema marketing company in in in in in in Malayalam in the year 2014 and handles okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um uh 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the the the the the the CBS um uh so like uh television series 'Perry Mason' Mason' Mason' Mason' Mason' Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are you know like well so so so so so so uh available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- -- -- -- -- -- 22 well okay I mean okay like September 1957) was was was was was was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and I I I I I I mean um you know you know I mean well - - - - - - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC well um uh like well streetcars for Route Route Route Route Route Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work has you know um um um um um um well you know well included restoring PCC cars for use use use use use use on San Francisco Municipal um uh I mean well well well well well well uh Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former professional professional professional professional professional professional uh so like so I mean basketball player in the WNBA, WNBA, WNBA, WNBA, WNBA, WNBA, she most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is well well well well well well okay okay okay well only one available Jain encyclopedia encyclopedia encyclopedia encyclopedia encyclopedia encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, um I mean you you you you you you know okay like Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are are are are are are attracted to like you know like like well it it it it it it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in in in in in in 1145, in 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of of of of of of Chartres, excommunicated I mean well um uh you know know know know know know Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a monk monk monk monk monk monk so uh like you know well at Tiron Sainte - Trinité Trinité Trinité Trinité Trinité Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic so uh um um um way, like a lost sheep for for for for for for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden? ).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in in in in in in line like well um okay okay with the ongoing draw draw draw draw draw draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um so at Dihar -- by about about about about about about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori you know I I I I I I mean so so um and Samoan descent and played played played played played played rugby union until he was 14 like well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay - years - old, then making a switch to to to to to to so you know so um okay rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, avoided, avoided, avoided, avoided, avoided, uh you know okay okay like as their immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate area of influence was about and their weapons like like like like like like I mean okay I mean um had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the the the the the the West like so like you know I mean Coast division division division division division division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships Championships Championships Championships Championships Championships um you know um well so in 2007, status as as as as as as a Youtube celebrity, and position as um like okay I I I I I I mean you know the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i i i i i i well you know like I mean uh and 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it is advisable um um um um um um okay uh uh I mean to estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray first, Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray first, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song I I I I I I mean um um like well as a 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 in 1104 in 1104 in 1104 in 1104 in in in in in in 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with you you you you you you know like well I mean um help from from from from from from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers so so so so so so uh um uh uh Party of Michigan (USTPM) is a a a a a a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean uh also known as East Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem or El Barrio) well okay I mean you know know know know know know okay to Puerto Rican parents at the age of of of of of of ten Jimmy's so well well you know uh family family family family family family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town cape Town cape Town cape Town cape Town Town Town Town Town Town cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most so I I I I I I mean like I mean like populous urban areas in in in in in in South - Africa, after Johannesburg uh so well you know know know know know know you know and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) 1959) 1959) 1959) 1959) 1959) is an industrial designer uh so you know you know know know know know know well who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with with with with with with popularizing well I mean like so uh the the the the the the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well uh like like like like like like uh I mean okay as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds crowds crowds crowds crowds crowds burned well you know well I mean okay his books books books books books books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée okay okay okay okay okay okay well um uh so Helen, and pens a 'how 'how 'how 'how 'how 'how to' book on okay okay well I mean I I I I I I mean breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & & & & & & Museum, um I mean so you know you know a converted early early early early early early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C for C for C for for for for for for C for C for C / EBPα and and and and and and - β, different sizes of you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion motion motion motion motion motion through space so so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean impacts time: time slows down for the person who who who who who who is um I mean like uh like moving but goes goes goes goes goes goes faster for the one who stands well um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of uh you you you you you you know like like you know Glory' (1956), which was turned into into into into into into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories in inventories in inventories in inventories in in in in in in inventories in inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually usually usually usually usually usually you know okay I mean uh okay are simply referred to to to to to to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just uh um um um um um um I mean you know like 'clocks', since in 17th century England England England England England England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD box box box box box box uh okay I mean okay well set which contains contains contains contains contains contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between 1991 and so so so so so so I mean um like you know 2002 including Autechre's first EP, EP, EP, EP, EP, EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe you know know know know know know like so so um Division, and then were eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the you know well I I I I I I mean well well first round of the playoffs in seven seven seven seven seven seven games, afterward uh I mean like like so Sather Sather Sather Sather Sather Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of the the the the the the lyric uh well I mean well um - writer, if if if if if if the lyrics are by a person other than than than than than than like you know um um so one of of of of of of the songwriters or composers and the name well uh so so so so so so okay like of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two two two two two two I mean um okay um so computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, in 1952, in 1952, in 1952, in in in in in in 1952, in 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he he he he he he had I mean um uh I mean well well well well well well met as an intern pastor in Colorado like well you you you you you you know okay I mean City, Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to according to sources privy to the development at Scotland um um um um um um um uh um um Yard, the information obtained from the the the the the the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased deceased deceased deceased deceased deceased so uh like I mean okay Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know like by the 'Vancouver 'Vancouver 'Vancouver 'Vancouver 'Vancouver 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well okay the southern end of Wukang Wukang Wukang Wukang Wukang Wukang Road, on the corner like like okay um okay with Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project well I mean um so so so so so so like in 1998 recording started to begin and and and and and and guitarist Kurt so so so um like Ballou joined in in in in in in on the project and in 2000 the I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served served served served served served as an okay I mean okay so you know aide aide aide aide aide aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Quayle Center you know I mean I mean you you you you you you know um is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of of of of of of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a sour like like like like like like so you know I mean well note, losing its its its its its its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit hit hit hit hit hit album, well uh okay you know I mean 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 um so uh you know well World Figure Figure Figure Figure Figure Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the the the the the the hydrogen the hydrogen and helium extracted in the process uh you you you you you you know uh okay okay could also be used as as as as as as fusion reactor fuel, or um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed okay so um well so Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; (; (; (; (; (; born 21 November 1965 ) is uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so a Sudanese - born British actor, known by by by by by by the stage uh uh like okay uh names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest I I I I I I mean um you know um um census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October 1982) 1982) 1982) 1982) 1982) 1982) you know um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk so so so so so so well like um um singer, pilot and radio technician technician technician technician technician technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know Spain in 2006, Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop under the influence of Post Punk, so you know I I I I I I mean well you know consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, one one one one one one um so I mean um you know of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in in in in in in Compton, um like okay well you know California as as as as as as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original um okay like like like like like like well okay ideas became too difficult for the small small small small small small team to complete; so I mean like I mean well well well well well well originally, the spider sequences were to like uh like so so so so so so so be present near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, eucalypts, eucalypts, eucalypts, eucalypts, eucalypts, acacias, um so well okay I mean etc. 4 4 4 4 4 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure like so so like well 'featured a scene scene scene scene scene scene in which Pee - wee Herman okay uh you you you you you you know like I mean knocks over a row of of of of of of motorcycles, then proceeds to win uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay like over the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on on on on on on the I mean uh um you know uh Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of you you you you you you know you know like I mean you know the late Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes Lourdes you know uh um so um 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, Quezon, Quezon, Quezon, Quezon, Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, C++, C++, C++, C++, C++, um like well you know I mean built built built built built built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Sephardi Sephardi Sephardi Sephardi Sephardi um so okay I mean I mean Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing on four tracks okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of of of of of of Policy like okay so I mean okay and Services Research Research Research Research Research Research at the Andrus Center, and is the like you know know know know know know uh uh like director of the National Resource Center on on on on on on Supportive Housing well uh like okay like and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, vindhayachal, well vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti peeth & also I mean I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is about about about about about about 20 okay like uh um so km from this place place place place place place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a a a a a a um you know I mean okay uh 2 2 2 2 2 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park on on on on on on like okay uh you know like 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively easy easy easy easy easy easy to so you know you know like like locate in in in in in in the night sky; if one finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a a a a a a Motown um you know okay I mean so song first first first first first first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in in in in in in the well I mean so like well isolated isolated isolated isolated isolated isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and bolstered by well well well well well well I mean uh I mean you know his new new new new new new found status, Nelson boasted a plan that uh uh so so so so so so so so could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is is is is is is an American football quarterback you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a a a a a a uh I mean like so you know messenger and prophet of God, God, God, God, God, God, and by most okay I mean like I I I I I I mean like Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed handed handed handed handed handed a uh I mean you know uh well five five five five five five year jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient like like like like like like so okay like like in extending basic needs to the the the the the the poor than subsidizing supplies well okay you know know know know know know so like whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of records of records of records of records records records records records records of records of his episcopate are thin, but there there there there there there are okay like so I mean you know enough to to to to to to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: okay you you you you you you know uh okay like he presided over over over over over over legal disputes, issued a dispensation like well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well for an important irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know okay it an IOU and and and and and and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', um um um um um um you know like I mean I mean in February 2009 on on on on on on American Myth Recordings, whose cover okay you know know know know know know uh well so features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia militia militia militia militia militia um okay uh I mean uh on October 2 2 2 2 2 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, uh uh you you you you you you know okay so and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the during the during the during the during during during during during during the during the last decade parts of the area like like like like like like like um okay okay have seen a gentrification, with many many many many many many housing assessments um I mean you know I mean I I I I I I mean doubling; yet many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney Animation Studios okay uh well uh like film film film film film film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um so large data sets, Ilesfay was founded founded founded founded founded founded in Cincinnati, so so you know uh like Ohio in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 to meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law during law during law during law during during during during during during law during law school, she was the managing editor at the the the the the the um well so like I mean Fordham Environmental Law Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, Journal, and first gained notice as uh well well well um um um um um um the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know like of the the the the the the entry of German troops into Ukraine and returned to to to to to to you know okay um um well the the the the the the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip you you you you you you know um um like uh is mounted on a thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the temperature, uh I mean okay I I I I I I mean so and by making small adjustments to the inside inside inside inside inside inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and link and link and link and link and link and and and and and and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Majesty's Fire you know um well um I mean Service Inspectorate, Inspectorate, Inspectorate, Inspectorate, Inspectorate, Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched a a a a a a so okay so like um mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the the the the the the First World well like like well okay War War War War War War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so largest naval battle of the First First First First First First World War and the okay I mean so well uh uh uh uh uh uh only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past past past past past past like um um uh I mean the turn of of of of of of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was was was was was was you know I mean you know well so operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate negotiate and I mean you know okay uh well the main main main main main main channel has moved away from the cliffs, cliffs, cliffs, cliffs, cliffs, cliffs, removing uh um uh like I mean much of the danger, danger, danger, danger, danger, danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um I mean off - topic, media, media, media, media, media, media, and graphic arts forums well uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean and on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community Sir Motiur Rahman Rahman Rahman Rahman Rahman Rahman uh you know okay well um suggested some of of of of of of students to be active in this regard well well well well well well okay I mean like I mean to unite all all all all all all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, which I mean like so well like the vast majority of of of of of of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples peoples peoples peoples peoples peoples okay um um like like and were, to to to to to to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on I I I I I I mean um well okay so March 4, 2007, emitting emitting emitting emitting emitting emitting a 1. 5 km high plume of I mean I I I I I I mean you know um like ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know okay on 27 March March March March March March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh service on 10 April 1885 which served with with with with with with Middleton's well you know um like you know column of of of of of of the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or or or or or or scandia, is uh you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean a high melting white solid used in high well well well well well well like you know like like - temperature systems systems systems systems systems systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a loop, you you you you you you know so okay um like but can't deal with infinite infinite infinite infinite infinite infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of letters letters letters letters letters letters well well uh uh well (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, well um like um I mean 1956) was a U. S S S S S S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of of of of of of the I mean like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean World' for always having an excuse on their shortcomings, you you you you you you know uh well okay well including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like like Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years old, old, old, old, old, old, and um well so um uh a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into so um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so well so a servant in the home of the the the the the the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some call call call call call call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi politician from the you know um well um well Sunni Sunni Sunni Sunni Sunni Sunni Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya Arabiya Arabiya Arabiya Arabiya Arabiya I mean you know uh uh um Coalition He also was was was was was was the led of Reconciliation and um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School School School School School School in like well you know uh okay Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and 'well - like like like like like like um like you know uh adjusted', then attended attended attended attended attended attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery the monastery the monastery the monastery the monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery the monastery was provided with 2 utility like I I I I I I mean like I mean like buildings and encompassed with with with with with with a fence of brick; the like uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns Keyns Keyns Keyns Keyns Keyns okay like well okay um - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - vP - vP - vP - vP vP vP vP vP vP - vP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles you you you you you you know you know uh you know well firing firing firing firing firing firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling after okay like okay um you know 2 - 3 3 3 3 3 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company company company company company company like well so you know you know she co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material so um I I I I I I mean I mean well from year to year, and and and and and and more contexts that are designed to I mean so so so so so so so um um be engaging to students as they make make make make make make connections among uh um okay okay like mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, coach, coach, coach, coach, coach, you know like I mean so so Brian Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and and and and and and well well like so I mean smuggled to Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is uh so so so so so so uh um um still elected as is every other sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff in well okay okay I mean um the the the the the the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player player player player player player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's um so so so so so so okay um uh busiest places to gather for programs programs programs programs programs programs and meetings, serving over uh so so like um um um um um um 950, 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, so okay you you you you you you know so well reported 12 killed, 57 wounded, and 6 6 6 6 6 6 missing at well well I mean you know um Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to to to to to to the so you know um um uh fence, his friends Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began uh uh uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented well uh you you you you you you know okay um in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people people people people people people so I mean you know um uh have reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders in a a a a a a well well well um like nearly systematic way using pesticides, pesticides, pesticides, pesticides, pesticides, pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as as as as as as well well okay um okay part of the 57th 57th 57th 57th 57th 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, like I mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died she died she died she died died died died died died she died she died at her retirement home at at at at at at age I mean uh um uh well 115 and 42 42 42 42 42 42 days in Candé, Maine - et you know know know know know know like okay um well - Loire, having had had had had had had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of um I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean Harrisburg on November 10, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, Lorenzini well uh well so um changes career and begins begins begins begins begins begins luring unruly children you know like uh well you know to to to to to to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's the singer's the singer's the singer's the the the the the the singer's the singer's laconic banter and corny jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes are also on like uh uh uh like full display, but but but but but but the album is most remarkable for the intimacy so uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well of the performance, with Van Zandt Zandt Zandt Zandt Zandt Zandt taking the stage alone you know um like uh you you you you you you know and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is this is this is this is is is is is is this is this is a U. S. Federal law, but but but but but but there uh uh I mean okay um is no penalty for for for for for for failure to comply with it so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean and it is not widely enforced -- indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, the well I mean like okay um U. S S S S S S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like you know enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed removed removed removed removed removed um you know okay you know so from the the the the the the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and replaced by Detective I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean like Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer responsible for okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well I mean the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows it shows it shows it shows it it it it it it shows it shows the girl growing up and and and and and and always thinking about and uh um well so so so so so so uh spending time with the creature (played by by by by by by Chris Fleming) or uh so uh you know know know know know know so imaginary friend, the video was filmed in in in in in in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the the the the the the uh um you know well I mean initial discovery of at at at at at at least 19 shipwrecks in the South uh so you know um um um um um um uh Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI Bus, nABI nABI nABI nABI nABI nABI Bus, nABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer of heavy - uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so duty transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 60 60 60 60 60 well I mean um well so - feet feet feet feet feet feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- um um um um um um well so like um achieving his best result, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, in 2001 -- okay um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like um I mean that Ace has disappeared somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more more more more more more equipment, like um um like you know meanwhile on on on on on on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the the the the the the starting uh you know uh um well material is much much much much much much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely like well um um um um um um um I mean by allowing it to evaporate evaporate evaporate evaporate evaporate evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil beau Soleil beau Soleil beau Soleil beau Soleil beau beau beau beau beau beau Soleil is one of the most expensive okay like um um um um um um I mean um schools in the world and represents represents represents represents represents represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert like so um uh you know Daniel Nagy in October October October October October October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, like um well I mean you know Pashto still inflects nouns nouns nouns nouns nouns nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, in 1865, in 1865, in 1865, in 1865, 1865, 1865, 1865, 1865, 1865, in 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a a a a a a I mean okay like you know well holiday retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat in England and named the town he surveyed so so so so so so like uh um you know after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, you you you you you you know so um you know I mean engineering, and natural natural natural natural natural natural sciences, a function of a real I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know variable is a function whose domain is is is is is is the real uh okay uh so well numbers ℝ, more more more more more more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of of of of of of doing this; so okay you know you know like the the the the the the potential predator may desist when it knows knows knows knows knows knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays portrays portrays portrays portrays portrays Ciara so I mean um well okay in Malibu, California California California California California California featuring a male actor who she like I I I I I I mean I mean um um is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings fantastic beings fantastic beings fantastic beings fantastic beings fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands of hours like okay uh you know so I put put put put put put into going to places and taking pictures of monuments monuments monuments monuments monuments monuments so so um I mean um and such will will will will will will be wasted. This law this law this law this this this this this this law this law this law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration so so so so so so uh uh you know you know from rural areas and and and and and and continued to neglect the US you know you you you you you you know um uh okay agriculture industry created widespread financial financial financial financial financial financial despair among American farmers throughout you know um so I I I I I I mean well the decade and would later be be be be be be blamed as well so um uh well one of of of of of of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well um a telephone, telephone, telephone, telephone, telephone, telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside like like like like like like I mean I mean um you know neighborhood, for for for for for for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older older older older older older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office office office office office office failure well uh uh like uh and many reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the Conservatives, the the the the the the Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led led led led led led by like I mean okay um so Herbert Asquith, Asquith, Asquith, Asquith, Asquith, Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in so you you you you you you know you know um like the January general election, but but but but but but the Liberals um uh okay well I mean formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road Road Road Road Road Road and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before before before before before before 1900... Farms well you know you know well well well well well well you know and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the the the the the the 1989 like like well I mean well NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a as a as a as a as a a a a a a as a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary uh like I mean okay you know and Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk mexican punk mexican punk mexican punk mexican mexican mexican mexican mexican mexican punk mexican punk had more similar roots to that I I I I I I mean so I mean uh uh of 1970s based based based based based based on the fact that marginalized minorities okay well you know know know know know know I mean so were begin to participate and perform, perform, perform, perform, perform, perform, it was during this I mean uh um well um um um um um um time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play play play play play play uh okay uh I mean uh in a new new new new new new arena in San Francisco, but the arena like so so so so so so so you know so never came to fruition, and the the the the the the Seals played in the okay um you know you you you you you you know like Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his cousin I I I I I I mean like so okay so from a dog attack and and and and and and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either either either either either either like um okay okay well bank of the Vavali (Bavali) (Bavali) (Bavali) (Bavali) (Bavali) (Bavali) river; on the west bank resides um like okay um um um um um um like the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like like like like like like to pursue you know you know uh I mean so a a a a a a degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, she confirms you know okay well okay well that will be be be be be be studying at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law like like like like like like like okay um you know in counties Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and okay okay okay okay okay okay well like so uh Tipperary, and imposing a military curfew curfew curfew curfew curfew curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but found found found found found found uh okay okay you know like lectures 'awful', and and and and and and left in 1978 without graduating to you know I I I I I I mean like so so attend the California Institute of of of of of of Technology, the following year, where so you know so so so so so so um well he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General major General major General major General major General General General General General General major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States States States States States States Army was like okay okay I mean well named interim interim interim interim interim interim President of the Citadel, The Military College of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well South Carolina in August 1980 and then then then then then then selected as like uh so so uh the 16the President President President President President President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in however, in however, in however, in however, however, however, however, however, however, in however, in certain activities, such as the gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering so well um so okay of heavy agave crowns, crowns, crowns, crowns, crowns, crowns, men helped, although the men's job well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some some some some some some so okay I mean so so time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that well I I I I I I mean you know okay okay epiphytic bacteria generally don't harm the the the the the the plant, but promote you know so um so so so so so so well the formation of ice crystals, and some produce an an an an an an okay okay you know you know um auxin auxin auxin auxin auxin auxin hormone which promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary the Secretary the Secretary the Secretary the the the the the the Secretary the Secretary General attends to the coordination coordination coordination coordination coordination coordination of the activities uh so uh okay so of of of of of of the UAI, follows the progress of the various various various various various various projects well I mean so I mean uh and supports supports supports supports supports supports the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence correspondence correspondence correspondence correspondence correspondence and uh like um like well agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, Colonel of the uh uh um um I mean 96th 96th 96th 96th 96th 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made made made made made made officer you know okay uh like um of the Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion of Honor ( ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was she was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State and and and and and and so well um I mean you know graduated in 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 the creator and executive producer of two um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October on October on October on October on October on on on on on on October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale wholesale wholesale wholesale wholesale wholesale services to Smart you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay Telecom, with the result that the the the the the the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when when when when when when I mean well well you know you know know know know know know they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and and and and and and Federer were ranked uh so okay so uh No. 1 1 1 1 1 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was like um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay the first time since 20 March 2011 that that that that that that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian painter and uh well um like you know sculptor born in in in in in in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda Alameda Alameda Alameda Alameda Alameda County, um like so like I mean California, United States States States States States States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, um okay like like like like like like uh I mean with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the you know well well well well well well um like well servers shutting down in May, Atlus made made made made made made another annoucment stating uh so uh uh you know that that that that that that the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - you know know know know know know you know okay you know um legged football football football football football football fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 well like like like like like like well okay okay and July 4 between Boca Boca Boca Boca Boca Boca Juniors of Argentina and well um okay like um Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Agathis', 'Agathis', 'Agathis', 'Agathis', 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are okay so so so so so so you know you know okay signed to Sony Music Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers the mutineers the mutineers the mutineers the mutineers the the the the the the mutineers were then given their back pay, but well well well well well well okay um okay so only after signing a sworn affidavit affidavit affidavit affidavit affidavit affidavit pledging their allegiance to like I mean like like like like like like okay well Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New New New New New New so I mean so uh well Orleans musicians back back back back back back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and like well uh uh uh uh uh uh so well acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth worth worth worth worth worth of top shelf instruments well like you know know know know know know I mean so to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary the documentary the documentary the documentary the documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary the documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each you know know know know know know I mean like I mean uh presenting a different different different different different different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway the Broadway the Broadway the Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway the Broadway the Broadway was the first anchor store store store store store store to uh you know okay you know so leave leave leave leave leave leave the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store store store store store store you know well like um okay was soon demolished demolished demolished demolished demolished demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration um okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well camp prisoners and due to his SS SS SS SS SS SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of of of of of of instead of a banked oval track, a a a a a a figure eight okay uh I mean like well track was was was was was was used where one side heavily banked, and included obstacles like um um um um um um so uh well such as the 'Wall of Death' (which (which (which (which (which (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) Slovenia) has like like um so okay been creating site - - - - - - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University like like like like like like you know like um I mean that occurs in March, March, March, March, March, March, often in the week before Spring Break, okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is he is he is he is is is is is is he is he is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is is is is is is no like well I mean um well documentary evidence for the the the the the the name 'Hans', which seems to derive like you you you you you you know so uh I mean purely from the first first first first first first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and and and and and and by the you know uh like so like time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by um so I mean uh uh legend due due due due due due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological um well well well well well well uh well well finds from those times; however, Zagreb does does does does does does have much so okay um um like recorded history, history, history, history, history, history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a a a a a a soldier uh well so uh uh who has fought in in in in in in many bloody battles only to return home to uh so so so so so so well so I mean England as a beggar asking a man man man man man man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated she graduated in modern history from the University okay like like like like like like well okay like of Florence and writes predominantly on on on on on on Israel and like well um uh like the the the the the the Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably the the the the the the biggest I mean um I mean you know okay touch touch touch touch touch touch screen display ever used in a Philippine television show uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay like as well as a a a a a a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so like was hosted by El Salvador Salvador Salvador Salvador Salvador Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became he became he became he became he he he he he he became he became a summon gem, and he aided Sora Sora Sora Sora Sora Sora and so I mean like uh I mean his friends whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever they needed him, in the end the well you you you you you you know like well so door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like like I mean camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted I mean so so well uh as being less less less less less less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; well okay so so so so so so uh like to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used used used used used used by I mean uh like I mean well outdoor pursuit groups, groups, groups, groups, groups, groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous because I I I I I I mean okay uh like you know of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a a a a a a propeller okay you know well uh so - - - - - - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features so so so so so so so um uh like 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province province province province province province of Novara, like like um okay you know and and and and and and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated so so so so so so you know um so you know streak to 5 - 0 0 0 0 0 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes so okay okay you know know know know know know um 77 - 64, and became undisputed leader leader leader leader leader leader of group like you know okay well so C C C C C C. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal neuronal neuronal neuronal neuronal neuronal projections I mean okay I mean okay um (axons) (axons) (axons) (axons) (axons) (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular uh you know know know know know know well okay um nuclei of the hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she you know know know know know know so uh you know okay is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part part part part part part of the Mega um okay well um well Millions multi-state multi-state multi-state multi-state multi-state multi-state lotto game, and features their own Illinois Lotto well like uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller seven / well so okay uh I mean eight eight eight eight eight eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies evonix Technologies evonix Technologies evonix Technologies evonix Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Designing in um you know well okay like like like like like like the most Creative and Innovative way. They believe they they they they they they believe they believe they believe they believe they believe believe believe believe believe believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings higher Kings higher Kings higher Kings higher Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, Delco, Delco, Delco, Delco, Delco, and played so okay so you know okay four years years years years years years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her her her her her her uh um well you know I mean relationship to to to to to to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, com member, com com com com com com member, com member, com member, com member, they they they they they they also so um well you know um had requisite knowledge to to to to to to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com users com users users users users users users com users com users com users com users so so so so so so so um uh I mean by warning users of online online online online online online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and usually usually usually usually usually usually okay you know um so um resembles the the the the the the substrate, which makes it well - so um uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know camouflaged when stationary but more visible when when when when when when it moves about, okay uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she is also chair of the Joint Committee on Federal Relations, a a a a a a okay I mean like like I mean member of the the the the the the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, a member okay you know know know know know know so well uh of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Legislative Legislative Legislative Legislative Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of of of of of of Corfu, Greece, well like okay you know um that that that that that that belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean I mean is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the the the the the the Southwest Freeway you know okay I mean you know so was was was was was was purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally nationally nationally nationally nationally nationally okay I mean so uh you know accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating eating eating eating eating eating well you know um okay okay prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University University University University University University of okay okay well uh okay the Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so um the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and and and and and and a like um uh uh so long fretless fingerboard, fingerboard, fingerboard, fingerboard, fingerboard, fingerboard, and is played while seated I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling bottling bottling bottling bottling bottling contract in okay um you know you know um 1921, but, but, but, but, but, but, in part due to the costs of like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first his first his first his his his his his his first his first his first professional fight was against Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Wilcox on okay you know okay like I I I I I I mean August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against against against against against against well you know I mean um uh Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned uh like so so so so so so um so small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop shop shop shop shop shop popular so like you know okay uh with black black black black black black mine workers, it was from there that Patrice okay um um um um um um well like you know Motsepe learnt basic business principles from from from from from from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in in in in in in Milan, Italy in um uh well I mean um um um um um um 1790, generously on loan to him from the German German German German German German foundation you know well so um I mean Deutsche Deutsche Deutsche Deutsche Deutsche Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named a um well you you you you you you know um uh prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with with with with with with Television um uh so well well X Pay - Per - - - - - - Night on Sky and you know like you know know know know know know uh like on the same day it was taken taken taken taken taken taken off of Virgin okay like um uh you know know know know know know Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - uh so so so so so so well uh uh 1406), which was fought as the contest like like like like like like so so okay um of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a well I I I I I I mean so you know uh defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well prospect for gold in various locations locations locations locations locations locations in the U. S well like uh I I I I I I mean you know. , and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when when when when when when okay okay um well uh her editor Robert Loomis Loomis Loomis Loomis Loomis Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', I mean so I I I I I I mean you know like she has been best known known known known known known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to to to to to to parents um I mean okay uh you know of of of of of of what their child is doing on social media media media media media media sites uh okay I mean okay you know is a a a a a a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on average average average average average average okay uh well I mean uh its performance is is is is is is or even depending on the random distribution uh okay okay you you you you you you know so on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and and and and and and uh um like okay okay Harrogate College and became the youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest Mayor in the country uh well uh well um um um um um um in 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well uh an Indian telecom mogul, mogul, mogul, mogul, mogul, mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U U U U U U. S you know so uh okay um. Politician, Politician, Politician, Politician, Politician, Politician, who is a Republican member of like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate Senate Senate Senate Senate Senate District, which like well so okay well includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have used used used used used used the I mean well okay uh so character, sometimes with great great great great great great results -- for example, the I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February I I I I I I mean um well uh well 22nd 2003 against Philly Philly Philly Philly Philly Philly San at at Cage Rage well well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the the the the the the Corona okay well you know well uh Yard for preservation; preservation; preservation; preservation; preservation; preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common common common common common common symptom, like well um like okay and may may may may may may even be the third most common trigger well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like well to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the knowing the knowing the knowing the knowing the knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from uh okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um doing so, but Jerry just just just just just just pats him on the head uh okay you know know know know know know well so again, then blows his noisemaker and the the the the the the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in in in in in in 1986, um like okay well okay Pito Salas invented a a a a a a next - generation spreadsheet concept so well okay um um um um um um uh which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per like like like like like like like uh you know so acre of land to confuse male male male male male male insects about the location okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of their female partners, it can thus serve as I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well um uh a lure in traps to to to to to to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it it it it it it was you know I mean um so you know a shortlived Hmong Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery bombardment of you know you you you you you you know like uh like Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khang Khang Khang Khang Khang Khay and PAVN headquarters uh you know okay so um at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque torque torque torque torque torque - free so okay um like like resultant which which which which which which it is useful both conceptually and practically, you know know know know know know uh you know I mean okay because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was murphy was murphy was murphy was was was was was was murphy was murphy was only 19 years old when when when when when when he was um well uh so well awarded the the the the the the Medal of Honor for his actions at okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well I mean the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in two in two in two in two in in in in in in two in Scotland, one in England and one in in in in in in you know I mean so you know so Wales, which is part part part part part part of the military uh so like like so is wholly wholly wholly wholly wholly wholly Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for you know know know know know know like okay you know um aircraft crashes on high high high high high high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a a a a a a staircase well I mean like um you know leads to to to to to to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan the Afghan the Afghan the Afghan the the the the the the Afghan the Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from from from from from from Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a um um um um um um so I mean like like tropical plant with edible multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation uh so so so so so so I mean um so and a non-profit organisation based based based based based based in New Delhi, India you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei moisei (Moishe) moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was was was was was was a uh so okay so well prominent Ukrainian Bundist and and and and and and after 1919 an official of you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Luther so so I mean okay uh King, Jr. Gave Gave Gave Gave Gave Gave his 'I Have a Dream' you know uh um like like like like like like okay speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a a a a a a okay um you know um well professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its like like like like like like okay so like I mean architectural ensemble, particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly as it is one of the few like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby I I I I I I mean um um uh uh Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would he would he would he would would would would would would he would he would then awaken other passengers and manipulate uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like uh well those who were also depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain brain brain brain brain brain. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner corner corner corner corner corner represents the like uh uh well like lower right corner, a a a a a a torch symbolizes striving for excellence while you know um like like like like like like okay so the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike ConferenceBike ConferenceBike ConferenceBike ConferenceBike ConferenceBike that okay so you know well so was donated by by by by by by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 1944 1944 1944 1944 1944 in I mean uh um so uh Chicago, IL and has since since since since since since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a a a a a a new version of um um like well okay IChat, IChat, IChat, IChat, IChat, IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in also in also in also in also in also also also also also also in 1979, the group made headlines when, well um well well well well well well um like for the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well well you you you you you you know um you know okay in commercial operations, including programs programs programs programs programs programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since since since since since since 2005, she has been chair of the um um um um um um you know well like um Tate Members Council and and and and and and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, in 2006, Slean teamed up with video director director director director director director Nelson Chan ( you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a three like uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so part short film 'Tales of of of of of of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on on on on on on Play TV in well um well so like 2008, while while while while while while studying for her BBA, but um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a a a a a a uh like like like um airplane with no power source, which which which which which which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 a2006 estimate by the International International International International International International Organization for Migration you know uh so um well suggests suggests suggests suggests suggests suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are are are are are are well um you know you know okay living in in in in in in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well uh the crowds packing packing packing packing packing packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner well well well well well well you know okay well like chase his fourth state state state state state state title at the helm of the okay okay like like like like like like um you know Stephen Decatur basketball team, team, team, team, team, team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film the film the film the film film film film film film the film the film has only 24 minutes, and is is is is is is about a uh okay well so um young boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, who dies and then his favourite math teacher so so so so so so um uh well um observes, that he hardly knew him, him, him, him, him, him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American you know know know know know know I mean like um like country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their their their their their their actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern I mean I mean so okay uh Province, after after after after after after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two two two two two two okay so so uh like majer roads, a fortifcation is is is is is is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by by by by by by an okay okay uh like uh exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, singer uh um well well um and 'Dancing with the the the the the the Stars' season 20 winner, the well so okay uh well well well well well well oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Knowles Knowles Knowles Knowles Knowles Hornbrook you know like so um uh who helped him him him him him him with his work, acting as a skilled well um um um um um um like well like technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is stephanie is stephanie is stephanie is stephanie is stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending tending tending tending tending tending to a well uh well uh well sickly Maid Marian who who who who who who is pregnant and ill. Belle so okay you know know know know know know I mean okay persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a a a a a a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop um well um like um Museum and and and and and and spent the next 60 years roaming the Pacific, I mean well well well well well well like so like seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five five five five five five aircraft at uh um I mean okay well his his his his his his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - - - - - - time substitute like well I mean okay um um um um um um for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away away away away away away draw with I mean um I mean I mean well Exeter Exeter Exeter Exeter Exeter Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before before before before before before being recalled uh well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to to to to to to scavenge like uh I mean like okay what he he he he he he can on a beached ship, leaving his son to okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like so keep watch but but but but but but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name the name the name the name name name name name name the name the name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' 'Gradius' and well um okay so so 'Parody' and, eponymously, eponymously, eponymously, eponymously, eponymously, eponymously, the game is a parody of you know like like like like like like uh like like the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, 1940, 1940, 1940, 1940, 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he he is he is known for making a unique contribution well well well well well well well I mean okay uh to his family family family family family family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing so so so so so so I mean um I mean like Editor and before before before before before before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European you know know know know know know uh like uh you know edition (2000 - - - - - - 2002), during which he briefed US President President President President President President uh you know okay okay uh George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so like cell and short apically apically apically apically apically apically truncate streaks in the interspaces okay like okay I I I I I I mean okay beyond white; these broad streaks broad are are are are are are divided only by uh uh well uh like the the the the the the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually usually usually usually usually usually I mean so uh well okay involves closing or or or or or or holding the arms around the neck, I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so back, or waist waist waist waist waist waist of another person; if more uh so uh you you you you you you know okay than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can can can can can can um well okay uh you know not continue their their their their their their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with with with with with with added enzymes you know so uh like uh to modify modify modify modify modify modify and transform their chemical composition and pH you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. Invertases and s into honey honey honey honey honey honey by a process of you know you know like like like like like like like like regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a like like like like like like so um like um former water polo player who won a a a a a a silver medal well okay so like I mean for for for for for for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- -- -- -- -- -- where you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so her daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down down down down down down um okay um I mean uh entirely on the the the the the the highway, even going so far as so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his um um um um um um um you know so like own ends while while while while while while the original Heat attempted to protect her: when uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um so so Sera saw Serph killing killing killing killing killing killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, well well well well well well so okay you know you know and the Eighth Eighth Eighth Eighth Eighth Eighth Circuit had ruled that the okay okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean state would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know 188 A. D. In In In In In In 187 B. C he wrote you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay 'Education of the Rural Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture culture culture culture culture culture um you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly you you you you you you know okay you know um uh one of the greatest taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy firms in the well well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh world, apart from P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Van Van Van Van Van you know well okay um I mean Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, so so so so so so okay I mean so okay and cooked by wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves I mean okay so so so so so so I mean okay. Konkani people konkani people konkani people konkani konkani konkani konkani konkani konkani people konkani people konkani people prepare patolyos on the the the the the the second Sunday of well like um okay okay Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know you know who plays for the the the the the the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and and and and and and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born born born born born born in Ireland, he um okay okay well well well well well well well enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats cats cats cats cats cats I mean so I mean so uh and a mortgage making making making making making making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what okay um uh so so so so so so okay she wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb so so so so so so you know well I mean well Tide', it was was was was was was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator illustrator Maxfield so uh you know like so Parrish, who designed designed designed designed designed designed and built his estate, well well um okay okay the the the the the the Oaks, in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist I I I I I I mean uh like like like Nicki Minaj and American singer singer singer singer singer singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay so time, much of the language and and and and and and traditions had been either corrupted like I mean I I I I I I mean like you know or lost, but a few kaumatua and and and and and and kuia (elders) continued so well okay I mean um to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte acolyte acolyte acolyte acolyte acolyte chosen to well like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with with with with with with Tamalane and Dortujla you know so you know um I I I I I I mean to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on on on on on on Junction, well I mean um okay uh as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head head head head head head I mean well um you know well coach and and and and and and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean um in large ground ground ground ground ground ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects effects effects effects effects effects from water okay like like like okay fluoridation because studies on on on on on on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped out of high uh I mean okay you know like like like like like like school, and began working as a gas station attendant; he he he he he he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon Jeon Jeon Jeon Jeon Jeon asked for you know you know so um so so so so so so follow - up action to the president of the college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From 7 7 7 7 7 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by designed by designed by designed by designed by by by by by by designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains contains contains contains contains contains 135 flats, okay I mean okay so um of of of of of of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter I I I I I I mean like uh okay okay and express complete complete complete complete complete complete amusement by the whole state of I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like okay affairs, though they also let Klaus Klaus Klaus Klaus Klaus Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean so you know 2010 and was released released released released released released as the third and final single okay well okay so so so so so so you know from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves Greaves Greaves Greaves Greaves Greaves and George uh uh like so so Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League League League League League League like I mean you know you know know know know know know uh a record of 13 times and they they they they they they are second overall well okay I mean you know okay with with with with with with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, uh you know well well well lasting lasting lasting lasting lasting lasting seven issues, and it filled an important role at well well well well well well uh you know um I mean the time, giving new creators creators creators creators creators creators a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage stage stage stage stage stage and um like like so uh in the studio with other other other other other other artists have been um okay so uh so extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive and he has worked with the likes of okay I I I I I I mean so so um Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, Marianne Marianne Marianne Marianne Marianne Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former the former the former the former the former former former former former former the former was one of the 48 constellations constellations constellations constellations constellations constellations listed well uh um um like by the 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Artemiza Artemiza Artemiza Artemiza Artemiza Hristić you know um uh like uh (née Joanides), was was was was was was the mother of son of King Milan Obrenović, well you know know know know know know like um um George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My My My My My My 59', the I mean um I mean uh like like like like like like show can be seen for thirty minutes and competes with uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like uh another half - hour hour hour hour hour hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there firstly there firstly there firstly there firstly there there there there there there firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, baptism, baptism, baptism, baptism, baptism, uh you know you know uh you know that in the the the the the the nativity scene the statue of the well um like so so so so so so okay baby Jesus shows him standing and there are are are are are are three uh um like um you know crosses depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at at at at at at least) so like you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean with some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, exceeding, and nearly okay um well okay uh reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County County County County County County okay so well I mean like was formed and and and and and and a year later it was renamed the Carolina um like you you you you you you know you know I mean Mountain Land Conservancy and and and and and and has expanded its area of uh so you you you you you you know like um focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in in in in in in well so uh um I mean Blackpool, while in in in in in in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can it can it can it can can can can can can it can it can also mean a range range range range range range of vocational and academic courses well like um you know know know know know know I mean which can be taken at various various various various various various academic and vocational okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a uh well well well well well well like like you know three - year, $ 60 60 60 60 60 60 million contract extension instead of you know I I I I I I mean you know like you know the four year year year year year year maximum as it allotted him the option of okay you you you you you you know so like well seeking a new contract worth more more more more more more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under under under under under under the you know um uh you know um um um um um um leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had had had had had had again been um I mean you know well well well well well well I mean successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks at at at at at at the Battle well like okay uh so of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay uh of the city, including Native American, art art art art art art deco, and contemporary um um like uh I mean styles, styles, styles, styles, styles, styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass you know know know know know know uh well so so players and would have been been been been been been lost when it nearly met okay you know okay so well well well well well well its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort is southfort southfort southfort southfort southfort southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, um um um um um um um well um you know United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules rules rules rules rules rules football, you know like you know uh um um um um um um the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received he received he received he received he he he he he he received he received his Masters in Planning from the the the the the the University of like okay uh um um Southern California in in in in in in 1948, established his golf course architecture like uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from from from from from from Kenya like like um you know I mean and and and and and and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand you you you you you you know you know so um um their career opportunities these these these these these these students expect that a uh I mean um like like like like like like uh degree from a prestigious college in the United like like like like like like okay okay I mean I mean States will give give give give give give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is like like like like like like I mean uh well okay still produced by neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron irradiation of uranium in so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know okay nuclear reactors and the vast majority majority majority majority majority majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service I mean like like like like like like um I mean I mean as HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady the 'Lady the 'Lady the 'Lady the the the the the the 'Lady the 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; I I I I I I mean well I mean so okay when she came to be be be be be be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 by Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Gaston um um like uh um Bénédict, a a a a a a linguist and previous Professor at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval well well well well well well well I mean like um exercise held in the Mediterranean Mediterranean Mediterranean Mediterranean Mediterranean Mediterranean Sea that also involved like uh uh okay like the the the the the the first units of the United States Marines Corps okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well I mean to participated in in in in in in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Steven Johnson and I mean okay uh um um um um um um like starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost Ghost Ghost Ghost Ghost Ghost Rider, well I mean uh you know okay Blackheart is portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is is is is is is a I mean you know so um like like like like like like New Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand well you know okay I mean um First party which which which which which which he founded in 1993, and served as well uh well well well well well well I mean uh the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came came came came came came in and made um um like well I mean the the the the the the highest score of his career, his 307 beating Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank okay uh well well so Woolley's 305 not out against against against against against against Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the to the to the to the to to to to to to the to the north of the statue was the the the the the the location well like like like you know of the bandstand bandstand bandstand bandstand bandstand bandstand demolished during the second world war, um so I mean well well well well well well you know and as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's caliph's caliph's caliph's caliph's caliph's uh well so so I mean palace, fits another stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright spot spot spot spot spot spot um so so like okay for Connecticut's Republicans as the the the the the the departing incumbent from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon soon soon soon soon soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ um well like like like like like like you know okay 75 million and $ 90 million, million, million, million, million, million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense and I mean um so um okay raising her her her her her her daughter Erika, Brown worked on her uh uh um um um um um um well so memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned returned returned returned returned returned to I mean you know like um well the the the the the the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most but most but most but most but most but most most most most most most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like um lee of the Bonaire, has has has has has has the same geological history, and you know um like um um um um um um I mean while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's like you know so so so surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a you know know know know know know so um so like son, on December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from monks from monks from monks from monks from from from from from from monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the North North North North North North um so uh I mean so East of England and and and and and and Scotland, in addition to a lot so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including including including including including including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten ( ( ( ( ( ( like you know okay uh I mean 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); ); ); ); ); ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city the city the city the city the city city city city city city the city was founded in the early 20th century, century, century, century, century, century, I mean I mean like like so and since the the the the the the 1980s has been continually enlarged by okay so um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of Oregon, so so so so so so um um um uh the early economic orientation of Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake County was toward you know uh so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the the the the the the 'San so uh uh like um Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled exiled exiled exiled exiled exiled from her okay so like you know um um um um um um dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care care care care care care institution in Pakistan like uh like uh you know was conceived conceived conceived conceived conceived conceived in New York, USA in the mid uh like so so so so so so well you know of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet meet meet meet meet meet ups, I mean I mean like you know like the the the the the the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who who who who who who held Hemingstone uh uh uh you know you know know know know know know manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room room room room room room well I mean okay so I mean business business business business business business office with several windows and a fireplace used by by by by by by Dr um uh well um you know. This also also also also also also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh like um in Ta' Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, Sliema, Sliema, Sliema, Sliema, Sliema, by well like like so okay the same Testaferrata family but was was was was was was demolished in 1989 and the well I mean uh okay well well well well well well exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis the Eustis the Eustis the Eustis Eustis Eustis Eustis Eustis Eustis the Eustis the Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, like uh uh uh well 1884, starting out out out out out out as a weekly newspaper, after the paper you know know know know know know okay you know uh so was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches so um okay okay well at DePaul University, University, University, University, University, University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote armfelt wrote armfelt wrote armfelt wrote armfelt wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back back back back back back as like well well um so her lover, and used used used used used used her as a messenger, asking her um well you know know know know know know I mean uh to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England England England England England England captain, like like uh so uh but he he he he he he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, who okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um um was not a popular choice; choice; choice; choice; choice; choice; the selectors chose Jardine uh so um you know know know know know know you know to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti so so so so so so well so um uh whilst his mother is of of of of of of Greek heritage through her so um okay um so grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the the the the the the okay you know um so well feed industry where it refers refers refers refers refers refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to well well well well well well uh uh I mean so maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed like so you know like well captain in in in in in in the newly formed U. S. Navy in I mean so so so so so so you know I mean uh 1794, and during during during during during during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town so um um um um um um so you know um and commune of north - western western western western western western France, in the like um so um well 'département' of Côtes - - - - - - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province Province Province Province Province Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University the University the University the University the University the the the the the the University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: you know know know know know know I mean uh um like the School of Medicine, School of of of of of of Nursing, and School like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its presence presence presence presence presence presence uh so I mean like I mean on its its its its its its surroundings in an expression of the uh well well I I I I I I mean uh family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of the the the the the the so okay okay uh like same title created by Len Len Len Len Len Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It It It It It It can it can it can it can it can it it it it it it can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger Reiniger Reiniger Reiniger Reiniger Reiniger in so well okay well like silent films, films, films, films, films, films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect like well um um um um um um so uh in many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail trade trade trade trade trade trade so like okay well you know sector have 13 % % % % % % of the population working within you know you you you you you you know so um like each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger were okay like like you know um all aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard the balloon; the two adults died when the balloon I I I I I I mean well so um so crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Tilleard Tilleard Tilleard Tilleard Tilleard Tilleard Natusch well so okay like um and built by Russell and and and and and and Bignell in 1906 at I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with with with with with with well okay uh uh you know a special 'god - - - - - - killing' bullet (the kind that was used you know um so so so so so so okay well to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or not not not not not not the uh so like so um bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz um um um um um um well okay I mean um Berggruen whom she met in the the the the the the city, she and well uh so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is bash is bash is bash is is is is is is bash is bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, larry's father, larry's father, larry's father, larry's larry's larry's larry's larry's larry's father, larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about about about about about about Larry on uh I mean like you know so so so so so so television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Karl Karl Karl Karl Karl Tunberg is uh uh well okay I mean loosely based on Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca um so like okay well well well well well well of Sunnybrook Farm' and tells the story of a a a a a a you know I mean you know I mean you know talented talented talented talented talented talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super current Super current Super current Super current Super Super Super Super Super Super current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Academy Group well so um so you you you you you you know 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video video video video video video game well you know okay um um for the PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus you know like like like like like like well you know okay in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of of of of of of San Diego so I mean okay so like located located located located located located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and and and and and and father of well uh you know you know you know know know know know know Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives well uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay in a Washington, D. C C C C C C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with well well well well well well well well like you know the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury injury injury injury injury injury and was unable well so okay well you know to to to to to to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to to to to to to I mean like uh like well Australia along with with with with with with the 9th Division, landing in well well um like okay Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane Brisbane on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before before before before before before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored restored restored restored restored restored uh so like well like and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional view of um well um okay so the insect as as as as as as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like um had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C) um um um um um um I mean I mean you know I mean. Emporer Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing emporer Jing emporer Jing emporer Jing emporer Jing emporer Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing established an administration in Dangyang on um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um an areas of 2000 square km. In In In In In In 1988 in 1988 in 1988 in 1988 in 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 in 1988 the State uh so well like like Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love um um um um um um um uh um like with Susan Storm, she tried to to to to to to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist blessed items, uh like like uh so which is originated, used for for for for for for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger so so so so so so well um well so -- actor and former Governor Governor Governor Governor Governor Governor of California as host; uh um um well you know know know know know know the show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted opted opted opted opted opted okay like well I mean so to leave 'out 'out 'out 'out 'out 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know like the U. S. Marines, Marines, Marines, Marines, Marines, Marines, who had recently been driven out well uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean of Los Angeles, brought a a a a a a message from Stockton and like so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who um okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean so was active in the the the the the the late 11th and early 12th centuries, um like you know you you you you you you know like and is classified as being in in in in in in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was was was was was was known, joined okay so well I mean you know the the the the the the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay you know Metropolitan Opera Guild Guild Guild Guild Guild Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but but but but but but I mean um so um um unbeknowst to to to to to to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, okay you know so um like are very large; large; large; large; large; large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder founder founder founder founder founder and the okay like like well so first senior senior senior senior senior senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean Church in America, a Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election this election this election this election this election this this this this this this election also saw the decrease in um um so well well well well well well um the number of seats controlled by the centre - - - - - - right um you know um so so opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement each retirement each retirement each retirement each retirement each each each each each each retirement village has a centrepiece building like so so so so so so okay um okay containing the Audley Club, housing facilities facilities facilities facilities facilities facilities such okay well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean as treatment rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who you know know know know know know well so like so being so weak can't open the the the the the the lip gloss; in a okay uh um um so montage of of of of of of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, etc um um um um um um I mean uh like like. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse robert Muse robert Muse robert Muse robert Muse Muse Muse Muse Muse Muse robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was bartram was bartram was bartram was bartram bartram bartram bartram bartram bartram was bartram was released from his contact and and and and and and was replaced so um well okay so by by by by by by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 1960 -- 61 season you know like I mean you know know know know know know like well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford A. Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford Claiford A. Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, Arao, Arao, Arao, Arao, Arao, is a like so so like okay Filipino professional basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word the word the word the word the word the the the the the the word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name name name name name name between okay uh I mean so um 1976 and and and and and and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He but He but He but He He He He He He but He but He was not awarded as as as as as as Best Actor of the I mean you know like like like like like like well um year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to like uh so um um um um um um like 2 million Jews left Eastern Europe which which which which which which at the time like I mean okay well I mean about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St I I I I I I mean uh um well I mean. Paul County, paul County, County, County, County, County, County, paul County, paul County, paul County, paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove the the the the the the chariot well okay well okay uh away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly like okay you know I mean okay after after after after after after the team published its first results in 1940, Fleming Fleming Fleming Fleming Fleming Fleming so you know well uh you know telephoned telephoned telephoned telephoned telephoned telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet comet comet comet comet comet or meteorite uh so well okay so impact event event event event event event located in between or to the east of I I I I I I mean so I mean uh you know Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced values, values, values, values, values, values, okay uh uh um well the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh okay Rare Books' (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, and so so so so so so I mean you know you know so you know know know know know know a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn learn learn learn learn learn book like um I mean uh so - keeping, keeping, keeping, keeping, keeping, keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself well you you you you you you know okay um I mean and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in in in in in in Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and and and and and and you know well okay uh uh the the the the the the cemetery although it is now officially called so um um um um um um I mean you know like 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in in in in in in uh um so so um 1964 and entered Michigan State State State State State State University, where he was editor I mean so uh you you you you you you know you know - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace palace palace palace palace palace owned um okay I mean so um by Seyid Seyid Seyid Seyid Seyid Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi um um um um um um well uh so like Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door power door power door power door power power power power power power door power door locks were introduced on the luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury luxury Packard um uh um you know you know know know know know know in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores ores ores ores ores ores by the you know well uh like uh Kroll and and and and and and Hunter process es. The most common compound, I mean um um um um um um like uh you know titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees mason sees mason sees mason sees mason mason mason mason mason mason sees mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms disarms disarms disarms disarms disarms Goodspeed, but uh uh okay so uh Goodspeed convinces him to to to to to to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a a a a a a so well okay you know I mean police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The The The The The The first uh okay uh well like animals were born in in in in in in the water, by the influence like so so okay so so so so so so of the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human human human human human human you know you know uh okay you know being being being being being being was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from so okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named named named named named named uh okay okay okay uh 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) Stone) Stone) Stone) Stone) Stone) because of its okay I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld like like I mean well I mean Theatre on August August August August August August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on well um well uh so so so so so so October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the the the the the the I mean so well um you know Department of of of of of of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, so you you you you you you know okay okay well Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set set set set set set at, uh you know um well um for example, example, example, example, example, example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, well uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page page page page page page okay like um well you know listed in the, the, the, the, the, the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is is is is is is a colourless okay uh so like uh to white (although often often often often often often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting for okay um you you you you you you know uh um aluminum) fibrous to needle - like like like like like like aluminium sulfate mineral well you know so you know so so so so so so often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and you you you you you you know okay uh okay well the town has held it it it it it it every year since; however, the well uh well you you you you you you know okay Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 55 55 55 55 55 okay like uh I mean um A reportedly cruel ruler; ruler; ruler; ruler; ruler; ruler; he had great pride of uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh himself and used to burn whoever opposes opposes opposes opposes opposes opposes him with like you know um uh you you you you you you know fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related related related related related related to like so well um I mean their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in in in in in in the Horton um you know um uh um Plains in in in in in in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's BART's policies so I mean well okay so and procedures in in in in in in the process of overseeing the BART Police uh well you you you you you you know um uh which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life well well well well well well so like okay you know to Live' all - - - - - - time romantic couple by magazine okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during during during during during during the so like well I mean you know life life life life life life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number of well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so adherents of Islam has has has has has has lived in Asia and okay uh I mean uh I mean specially specially specially specially specially specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are there are dozens puzzles to solve that open open open open open open approximately 50 locked doors, okay you know I mean I I I I I I mean um all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series series series series series series um um well well you know of 'The X Factor Australia', Australia', Australia', Australia', Australia', Australia', covered it in his so like so okay you know know know know know know debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump jump jump jump jump jump behind Irving Baxter you know uh um like I I I I I I mean of the United States, and the bronze medal in in in in in in so well so like um the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and and and and and and Myer Prinstein, he also like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship the ship the ship the ship the the the the the the ship the ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles race Struggles race Struggles race Struggles race Struggles Struggles Struggles Struggles Struggles Struggles race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - - - - - - so well uh uh uh Jua, Helen A A A A A A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The Committee for um well well well well well well uh um um the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in securing securing securing securing securing securing you know well like I mean you know the right right right right right right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is it is tied for the 9th longest streak you you you you you you know I mean I mean well I mean in Division 1 1 1 1 1 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present present present present present present orbit, it well you know I mean I mean I I I I I I mean may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, 2880, 2880, 2880, 2880, 2880, though the um um so well like mean mean mean mean mean mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so so so so so so okay like okay like well 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; popular; popular; popular; popular; popular; okay well like okay uh the books sell more more more more more more than a million copies annually, several new new new new new new you know like okay I mean so volumes volumes volumes volumes volumes volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know well well well well well well you know okay I mean like what to do? ' ' ' ' ' ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the informant okay so so so so so so like well I mean was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that you you you you you you know okay you know uh so he ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it it it it it it well so okay well okay was the first permanent Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish military center, but the uh I mean you you you you you you know well um Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed the issues on the talk pages first, like so I I I I I I mean you know um tried BRD, and another another another another another another editor attempted a partial like like like so I mean rollback, rollback, rollback, rollback, rollback, rollback, and an RfC, then when that didn't work, you know know know know know know you know you know like like we worked worked worked worked worked worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase chase chase chase chase chase so um okay uh so approaching the Burbank, California shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping center, which ultimately ends with well so um you know you you you you you you know the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in in in in in in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces well I I I I I I mean I mean well like or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM uh well well well well well well well I mean well Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in so so so so so so I mean okay like well 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the the the the the the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film palladio Film palladio Film palladio Film palladio Film Film Film Film Film Film palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - I I I I I I mean like well like you know class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is okay uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so an English actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, best known for her role as uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay so Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - g- g- g- g- g- Star's flagship store store store store store store is located in New well uh uh so well well well well well well York City, United States; however, the brand is well I I I I I I mean um uh um far more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to well well well well well well um um I mean you know the mines at Burjassot near near near near near near Valencia, returning the next um um so um um year year year year year year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison prison prison prison prison prison um you know I mean I mean I mean which which which which which which was the site of abuse and executions of political um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the the the the the the torture and abuse you know like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay of prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym demonym demonym demonym demonym demonym for Tishbe: okay well okay you know like the the the the the the demonym is predicated of the prophet to okay uh so so so so so so um okay denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know like Connersville, Indiana) is an an an an an an American actor who is perhaps I mean like well well well well well well okay okay best known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation the organisation the organisation the organisation the the the the the the organisation the organisation was established as the Interior okay you you you you you you know uh you know okay Decorators and Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers Association in 1966 and after so uh well well well well well well so um merging with the International Interior Design Association (UK (UK (UK (UK (UK (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by over so uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um 17, 000 people, who paid up to to to to to to $ so I mean uh um uh 50 for tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets to the event, including J uh you know I I I I I I mean um um. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is is is is is is a Canadian football okay okay okay well so running running running running running running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy policy policy policy policy policy documents; okay um I mean well you know less less less less less less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 1870), I mean uh okay like uh also known as as as as as as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh uh St. Vrain, was a major fur trader trader trader trader trader trader near Taos, New uh you know okay so like like like like like like Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean um doctrine which originates in the the the the the the degradation of the individual uh you know well well uh whose whose whose whose whose whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well like economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning the meaning the meaning the meaning the meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning the meaning of each of them can be represented represented represented represented represented represented by well well um uh you know a certain certain certain certain certain certain fuzzy set. One might define the I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well so glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen Giersbergen performed live on Giel so like well you know so Beelen Beelen Beelen Beelen Beelen Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who well well well well well well I mean uh well um played in the 1930s, 1930s, 1930s, 1930s, 1930s, 1930s, playing at representative level for like so um like like like like like like um England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately forty forty forty forty forty forty uh you know I mean so you know square square square square square square mile town twent - four hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through so so so so so so so um like I mean the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik henrik Hertz henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- um like okay um um um um um um uh February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the despite the despite the despite the despite the despite despite despite despite despite despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green the Green the Green the Green the Green Green Green Green Green Green the Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom okay I I I I I I mean I mean um you know fighter, who played a a a a a a key role during the freedom movement, was so well I I I I I I mean so okay closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family like uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like was first recognized by the crown crown crown crown crown crown during the reign of well you know like um like like like like like like Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, Dialogue, um so uh like well an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz like like like like like like you know so okay I mean arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um I mean repeatedly for it: it seems seems seems seems seems seems that he was actually promised um um uh well well well well well well I mean a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served served served served served served in um so well so so the Confederate Army Army Army Army Army Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a a a a a a major um you know okay okay like party presidential presidential presidential presidential presidential presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama you know know know know know know okay uh well I mean by 332 -- -- -- -- -- -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson leif Svensson leif Svensson leif Svensson Svensson Svensson Svensson Svensson Svensson leif Svensson leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in in in in in in Härnösand, Sweden) is you know well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two two two two two two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the when the when the when the the the the the the when the when the Second World War broke out in September September September September September September 1939 so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um Ireland was in no position to become become become become become become involved, in fact some like well you know you you you you you you know like years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the so so so so so so I mean uh um like infectious disease and public health health health health health health community, in the US particularly uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay their professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and and and and and and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry sir Henry sir Henry sir sir sir sir sir sir Henry sir Henry sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 1615) um well like um um was an English English English English English English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 well okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um May 2017) was an American former competition competition competition competition competition competition swimmer, like you know so okay well American Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former you you you you you you know like um um um world record - holder, holder, holder, holder, holder, holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered on the the the the the the so um like okay so original BBC Radio 5; the the the the the the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai james Paringatai james Paringatai james Paringatai james Paringatai james james james james james james Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, you you you you you you know so uh like like New Zealand) is a New New New New New New Zealand professional basketball player who currently I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by by by by by by um um um well so the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the the the the the the Trinity schoolroom, in you know uh um um you know know know know know know West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little very little very little very very very very very very little very little very little has been documented about this this this this this this breed, and so I mean like you know like like like like like like they are not a recognized pure - breed in the the the the the the like you know um well okay Australian Canine Council, however Old Old Old Old Old Old Farmers and specialist breeders like you know like um um um um um um um keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife wife wife wife wife wife Lauri you know I mean like you know okay officially moved moved moved moved moved moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', so so so so so so so you know um so Noah likened Stewart to 'a Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Yoda' and recounted like so so so well well well well well well advice Stewart gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the roger, the roger, the roger, the roger, roger, roger, roger, roger, roger, the roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is is is is is is a uh uh so so so failure as businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman businessman and has steered the catering business you know so so so so so so so well so bestowed to him by his father to to to to to to the well you know well well you know brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend it it it it it it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so um okay of return (ERR) is a rate rate rate rate rate rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single the single the single the single the single single single single single single the single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport okay well well well well well well so I mean um nutrition combined with his distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought okay okay well well well well well well um I mean out bodybuilder for seminars and guest guest guest guest guest guest appearances and has you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know been featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles well like like like like like like you know uh well titles on the ITF Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Circuit and has reached the final well like okay um um um um um um okay of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la la la la la la Vienne and like you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that that that that that that like okay well um uh has been whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was she was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the the the the the the well you know um so I mean 'Black Pearl' as as as as as as the crew abandons the ship, and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), like like like like like like like you know I mean well the product is available available available available available available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh um um um um um um you know okay okay uh television, film, stage and and and and and and voice actress who graduated uh um um so like like like like like like from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so so his subject material; for example, example, example, example, example, example, his treatment of okay like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and performed you you you you you you know like like uh well by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented represented represented represented represented represented in um like uh so you know the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership its leadership its leadership its leadership its its its its its its leadership its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um well believed to have been been been been been been run by the Bachwezi dynasty like um you know know know know know know I mean you know in the fourteenth and fifteenth fifteenth fifteenth fifteenth fifteenth fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an improved improved improved improved improved improved so like uh okay uh version which also spread spread spread spread spread spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a a a a a a Canadian like okay um um uh professional ice hockey player, player, player, player, player, player, who is currently playing so well so okay um for for for for for for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN CNN CNN CNN CNN CNN you know uh well okay I mean International, based at at at at at at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise um um um um um um so well like like in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter well okay so um okay then wlks under the decking decking decking decking decking decking and Alex imtandly follows after okay I mean um um um um um um so okay a gun shot is heard when she she she she she she gets down her I mean okay well um uh dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so you know Annoying CRM, CRM, CRM, CRM, CRM, CRM, also known as LACRM which is a customer so well well well well well well you know like okay relationship management (CRM) system system system system system system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, in 1716, in 1716, in 1716, in 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, in 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the the the the the the Highlands so so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, Geddes, Geddes, Geddes, Geddes, Geddes, like um well I mean you know a a a a a a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was haw was haw was haw was haw haw haw haw haw haw was haw was born in Woodford Green in in in in in in the London Borough of well uh okay um um um um um um you know Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so uh fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has has has has has has plush toy armies I mean I mean well like I I I I I I mean made of captured human souls (that were considred bad) bad) bad) bad) bad) bad) uh like uh so uh that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and you you you you you you know um um you know I mean Michael Whitham who both both both both both both appeared for England on 5 so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well March 1892 and the most recent player to be be be be be be capped while okay uh well you know so with United United United United United United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean um final season with with with with with with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles settles settles settles settles settles um so um I mean um into Ferndale Ferndale Ferndale Ferndale Ferndale Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his his his his his his time between the like okay like like like like like like um you know two tours, winning twice on on on on on on the Nationwide Tour, and finishing so I mean so um um um um um um like twelfth on the money list to regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow overgrow overgrow overgrow overgrow overgrow and may well like um like okay be the cause of of of of of of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the the the the the the so well okay uh you know breed to Staffordshire Terrier and and and and and and then again okay you know so I mean um in 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show show show show show show - you know I mean okay well uh offs, and can can can can can can not resist shaping themselves to spell the well uh so so so so so so uh I mean one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology technology technology technology technology technology well so like um I mean company based in Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Australia, that invented a uh you know so uh so so so so so so local positioning system that government, commercial and other organizations you know um um um um um um you know I mean I mean use to determine determine determine determine determine determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The The The The The The okay like uh I mean well aim is to communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate to do a good cultural, social activities um you know know know know know know I mean um like and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 uh so so uh I mean by Mr. Gian Gian Gian Gian Gian Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of Indian I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um you know origin, with the the the the the the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well like memorial brass placed in in in in in in All Saints church in Durston which includes so so so so so so well like so I mean a picture of her in a a a a a a watchman's greatcoat like okay like like you know and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh him, feels the cat's head head head head head head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or okay um um um um um um so I mean so even break apart and and and and and and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti so so so so so so I mean like like well Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station station station station station station so I mean well I mean uh is said to to to to to to be found, for example the antenna mentioned well okay you you you you you you know you know uh above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a a a a a a okay well I mean I mean like Swedish singer who began began began began began began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, well um well you you you you you you know so and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests um so so so so so so well well I mean twelve were killed during the the the the the the The War of Power, uh uh so well like like like like like like due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she she she she she she also suggests that okay um I mean like well there there there there there there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear bear bear bear bear bear supposedly trained okay well I mean uh okay by by by by by by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius well well well well well well well uh uh so W. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee Dundee was I mean um so um um the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left she left she left she left she she she she she she left she left an estate of £ 2071 and and and and and and okay well uh so so probate was granted in London London London London London London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December December December December December December 15, uh um uh you know you know 2009 and and and and and and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British British British British British British I mean um like um um Academy, an AAAI Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and well um okay uh so was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, in 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for so so so so so so you know like you know okay their first first first first first first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star I I I I I I mean like so uh okay as Eric and Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, friends who set up a business like so so so so so so like um you know together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, you know um um um um um um like so like 971 votes (10 percent), just just just just just just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth okay I mean so so so so so so well um - place candidate and a Republican member of of of of of of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first first first first first first okay I mean I mean like so appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution institution institution institution institution institution you know I mean you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Guindy, Chennai. Serves okay like I mean like um students in and and and and and and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny soon jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny jenny soon jenny soon dropped out of her course and and and and and and started well you know um I mean well well well well well well an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack Racetrack at you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in in in in in in I mean so um well uh 1959 and 1961, and and and and and and from 1918 to 1969 it I mean I I I I I I mean like okay uh moved to Belmont Park on Long Long Long Long Long Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, all events, all events, all events, all all all all all all events, all events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to to to to to to the like I mean you know uh I I I I I I mean limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely conversely conversely conversely conversely conversely the well well um I mean so constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto the motto the motto the motto motto motto motto motto motto the motto the motto 'Going Down' was adopted during during during during during during the I mean okay uh uh um Second World War when operating operating operating operating operating operating on Hawker Typhoons so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean over occupied Europe, this was the the the the the the flight leader's instruction to uh well so uh you know begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last last last last last last player you know okay like you know okay selected in in in in in in the NFL draft, and it is a um um so like like like like like like okay parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Poetry Prize like I mean you know okay I I I I I I mean in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit um um um um um um um um I mean um Nagra as judges, and will be launching launching launching launching launching launching the second Manchester so like um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney Rodney Rodney Rodney Rodney Rodney to Rod I mean I mean well um um um um um um um in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden I I I I I I mean so I mean I mean I mean boat boat boat boat boat boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and and and and and and detonated, so I mean well okay like catching the the the the the the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined mazari joined mazari joined mazari joined mazari mazari mazari mazari mazari mazari joined mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e e e e e e - Insaf in 2008 uh uh uh well like like like like like like and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city city city city city city well well okay so um of Long Beach, California and and and and and and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary uh like okay you know you know Western setting, rather rather rather rather rather rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into um um um um um um you know okay I mean you know the new Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but like uh so well well well well well well like instead chose to run in the newly configured configured configured configured configured configured 6th so you know like um okay district, where where where where where where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between between between between between between 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of like well well well well well well so well like Trent established the national guard and sent sent sent sent sent sent a patriotic appeal to okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like the citizens in which they expressed the wish so so so so so so so like like I mean that the example example example example example example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and and and and and and oratorios, like like um so um and 27 separate separate separate separate separate separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by by by by by by Sachiko (Kouko) you know like so okay like Okada, Okada, Okada, Okada, Okada, Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka Sarvas, Sarvas, Sarvas, Sarvas, Sarvas, Sarvas, okay uh you know um well and since then then then then then then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to well um um um um um um well well well large, acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences inflorescences inflorescences inflorescences inflorescences inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, I I I I I I mean um um I mean okay distorted amalgamation of human human human human human human and fly, Martin's mutation turned you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um him into a dangerous opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, most likely due to his like uh uh like like like like like like um insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned shulman returned shulman returned shulman returned shulman returned shulman returned to to to to to to his position at the NBC Symphony Orchestra in I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay you know 1948, the same year he he he he he he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 1870 1870 1870 1870 1870 renamed it the uh uh so well you know Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant for like you you you you you you know uh I mean um his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television television television television television television uh uh okay I mean I mean sitcom 'Leave It It It It It It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was was was was was was launched, available well I mean you know you know um in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh um man to lead and entry entry entry entry entry entry to Tibet might be uh like so so well well well well well well possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to to to to to to recognize some uh well okay uh like of the most most most most most most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in in in in in in Rochdale) so so like like um is an English English English English English English professional rugby league footballer who played in um like okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know the 1970s, playing at representative level for for for for for for Wales, and so I mean well well so at club club club club club club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in in in in in in I mean I mean I mean you know like Stockholm that that that that that that it will have some of its mobile phones you you you you you you know uh okay okay um made in India, and and and and and and that its two outsourcing partners, like okay well so so so so so so so FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of university of university of university of university university university university university university of university of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of of of of of of so you know um uh you know Dentistry Dentistry Dentistry Dentistry Dentistry Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like uh by Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush area uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a after a after a after a after a a a a a a after a string of successful albums, this was her well well well well well well you know okay okay I mean last rock - - - - - - oriented album of the 1980s, well so so um um um um um um uh before she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' so so so so so so okay um okay like was made, but the only member of of of of of of the band featured I mean so you know so so so so so so I mean was Amos, since by then, unable to to to to to to withstand pressure from Atlantic okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like okay American football center who who who who who who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided decided decided decided decided decided to um you know like well like move to to to to to to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has she has she has she has she has has has has has has she has been married twice and has three children children children children children children by her so like so um I mean second husband husband husband husband husband husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon Schouten um um um um um um um well um um but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in in in in in in Avignon, I mean um well I mean like Vaucluse), who changed changed changed changed changed changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot so uh okay so so so so so so well - Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and and and and and and the daughter like um you know I mean so so so so so so of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative Conservative Conservative Conservative Conservative Conservative government okay you know you know so well well well well well well in June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Thatcher, well so okay I mean so replaced both Circulars Circulars Circulars Circulars Circulars Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink pink pink pink pink pink like you know like I mean well to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the well well well well well well like well well you know club struggled in the Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, but staged a remarkable uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay so comeback in the final weeks of of of of of of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners partners partners partners partners partners well so so like so in law firms and are are are are are are eligible for certain okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida well I mean um okay well theaters and was featured featured featured featured featured featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, you know I I I I I I mean well you know well Come Out With Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, well well well well well well so okay well uh and has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 83 83 83 83 83 okay you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however however however however however however I mean um so okay okay even today it is is is is is is unknown who was responsible some point the so well well well well well well well like like finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it would be be be be be be so you know I mean you know okay better better better better better better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established established established established established established I mean like like uh I mean the Roya Roya Roya Roya Roya Roya Film House and under this banner produced more more more more more more well well you know so you know than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to adjustments to adjustments to adjustments to adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments adjustments to adjustments to the surface of the board are are are are are are made with a well uh so you know you you you you you you know hand plane or other method of wood wood wood wood wood wood removal and the process well uh you know I mean okay described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the the the the the the second so so okay uh like placer wins wins wins wins wins wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth ₱ uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know okay 50, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well uh which also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American American American American American American uh you know um uh okay professional baseball pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, mountain, mountain, mountain, mountain, mountain, well you know you know um I mean and had had had had had had been thought to be the highest point in in in in in in like um you know like like Montenegro, but but but but but but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is there is there is there is there is is is is is is there is a Roman temple near the town that that that that that that was uh okay I mean I mean so called called called called called called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst um um um um um um like uh um well a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents his parents his parents his parents his his his his his his parents his parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) (t) (t) (t) (t) (t) sis' Ioannou / I mean well okay you know know know know know know um Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay okay um - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), 1857), 1857), 1857), 1857), 1857), who had set up okay so I I I I I I mean I mean okay a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower lower lower lower lower lower the um uh like you know uh voting age in in in in in in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of of of of of of the okay okay um well um Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be found well well well well well well well um so okay the sardine port of Douarnenez Douarnenez Douarnenez Douarnenez Douarnenez Douarnenez which gives the bay um uh you know um you know know know know know know its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV mS 'SNAV mS 'SNAV mS 'SNAV mS 'SNAV 'SNAV 'SNAV 'SNAV 'SNAV 'SNAV mS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ro ro ro ro ro ferry owned um well um um well by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack like like like like like like okay so well you know his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian Albanian so so uh you know like Superliga champions, on on on on on on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call - up up up up up up well okay okay um so from Kosovo for for for for for for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat so so so so so so like okay like well Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at like uh like you you you you you you know you know the 796 - seat Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 week well well you know know know know know know I mean okay season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed hakim Syed hakim Syed hakim Syed hakim Syed Syed Syed Syed Syed Syed hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 1372 1372 1372 1372 1372 you know um I mean well um AH / 25 June June June June June June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was was was was was was later so well okay okay like to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like well the first he is is is is is is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop well so so so so so so um um uh but was killed one night in in in in in in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um local identity George Duncan, and the property property property property property property um uh um okay so has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended she attended she attended she attended she attended she she she she she she attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the the the the the the implied um so okay okay okay Serbianess of the opponent opponent opponent opponent opponent opponent in the discussion which can be okay well um you you you you you you know okay used to advance your position in discussion about about about about about about the okay uh okay I mean well topics directly directly directly directly directly directly or indirectly related to Serbia or you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 500 500 500 500 500 energy um um you know like so so so so so so - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, well well uh you know uh whose businesses include regulated regulated regulated regulated regulated regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls are okay like I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean not authentic but cheap knock - offs (as the boys um um um um um um um so like um originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der der der der der der um like okay I mean like Serie' ( 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The Law of the Series'; never translated uh you know know know know know know well okay okay into English ), in which he he he he he he recounted 100 or you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the the the the the the American rock okay um so I mean uh band Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General General General General General General in uh um well I mean like the the the the the the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing away away away away away away on uh well so okay um 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German okay like like like like like like uh um uh Cross in Gold for his achievements in in in in in in February 1943 around um um uh okay you know Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the following the following the following the following the the the the the the following the events of the previous games, the magical land of of of of of of I mean so you know you know so Gensokyo is is is is is is once again at peace until yōkai begin to swarm uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay uh the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 112 112 112 112 112 heavy well like well I mean I mean cavalry, and and and and and and a similar number of infantry, from which you know uh I I I I I I mean uh I mean around 1000 cavalry and 400 400 400 400 400 400 infantry were mercenaries hired I mean you know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the the the the the the May I mean you know um so so so so so so you know 1926 constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State State State State State State from 1978 like I mean you know so you you you you you you know - 1981 during this time he was a a a a a a starter so well you know so well for the 1979 1979 1979 1979 1979 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, Somerset, um well like so okay which was formed on 1 April April April April April April 1974 under the Local um uh okay I mean okay Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so from 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, Testament, for a okay you know okay um I mean Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Christian sect apparently centered in the areas I mean well well well well well well so I mean I mean of Coele - Syria, Galilee Galilee Galilee Galilee Galilee Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in in in in in in I mean well you know I mean I mean the Judean Judean Judean Judean Judean Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings well uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so of the Jordan River as well as as as as as as attacking the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily daily daily daily daily daily like I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears you know know know know know know well um well uh outside, enters the capsule, capsule, capsule, capsule, capsule, capsule, and tells her to use uh um uh so so so so so so well the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the the the the the the north like you know uh like okay of of of of of of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, Valley, Valley, Valley, Valley, Valley, 20 I mean you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - - - - - - el you know so like so well - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank tank tank tank tank tank used by the okay um well so you know know know know know know Army of the Soviet Union during World War War War War War War okay you know um I mean okay II II II II II II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded embedded embedded embedded embedded embedded on the okay okay okay well um railcar railcar railcar railcar railcar railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact impact impact impact impact impact conditions um I mean so uh um are flawed flawed flawed flawed flawed flawed in the sense that these sensors would well I I I I I I mean I mean like um not be able to distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, songwriter, lead uh well um you know well singer and guitarist for The The The The The The Dead Stars On well okay uh um um Hollywood known known known known known known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to due to the movies harsh subject manner and in you you you you you you know well like like well your face stlye, it has has has has has has divided audieces and critics, but okay okay uh so so so so so so so has succesfully found a cult audience in in in in in in the like okay so so you know US, US, US, US, US, US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature nature nature nature nature nature uh um um uh you know of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm mm mm mm mm mm. The local um um uh okay okay governmental offices offices offices offices offices offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in in in in in in you know well well like okay 2004 coined the term 'Female 'Female 'Female 'Female 'Female 'Female - Led' in her writings well so like well well and and and and and and also began to advance the terminology to describe well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well you know her approach to an an an an an an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has he has he has he has he has has has has has has he has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) ) ) ) ) ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly commonly commonly commonly commonly commonly used by the demoscene okay okay um um well and and and and and and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of of of of of of so um um like um the line the pioneers were digging digging digging digging digging digging under was you know I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean well subjected to a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by by by by by by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real Real Real Real Real Real - time I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like strategy and role - playing video game created created created created created created well uh I mean you know so by German German German German German German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the the the the the the uh okay well well um boat but are discovered half half half half half half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a a a a a a okay so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before before before before before before moving to you know you know uh you know know know know know know uh television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished distinguished from well I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know others in the superfamily by a combination of minute so so so so so so I mean um I mean I mean characters, and and and and and and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like okay organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' theory' theory' theory' theory' theory' or 'reliability analysis' in engineering, so well so so so so so so um okay and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh secondary, such as smoke grenades grenades grenades grenades grenades grenades and tracer rounds, although this I mean uh so like like like like like like uh has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many many many many many many um well so so so years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of of of of of of so okay I mean okay so city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows so well well well well well well okay okay okay to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well uh ahead of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of of of of of of smft I mean well like well like within the troposphere below, below, below, below, below, below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a um um um um um um um uh okay like plan to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young young young young young young Master craftsman so uh you know okay you know know know know know know Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who Who Who Who Who Who had learnt the so uh well you know I mean traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost almost almost almost almost almost two years like like I mean okay so later; later; later; later; later; later; police have said others were involved in what like um um um um um um like um okay they consider a murder for for for for for for hire motivated by Markel's bitter um so uh so um divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours so so so so so so I mean okay um so to rise, and the resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse the anticoagulant so well like I mean like like like like like like effect of dabigatran in the event of a major bleeding bleeding bleeding bleeding bleeding bleeding like um I mean well okay event, unlike for warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger well well well well well well like um uh like Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC I I I I I I mean uh like uh like 202, but the pairing pairing pairing pairing pairing pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in in in in in in Lac La you know you know you know you know know know know know know so Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver silver silver silver silver silver like like okay okay well medal in his Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know okay shown to have feelings and and and and and and emotions, she is killed by uh you know like so you you you you you you know Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of direction direction direction direction direction direction well uh um so you know in the line line line line line line as it jogs its way toward so I mean well well well well well well you know uh the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is like okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know subject to the same complications complications complications complications complications complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to like like like like like like uh like like okay sixth, earning their first ever ever ever ever ever ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited Negro I mean um uh you know uh high School School School School School School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which which which which which which well like um uh I mean appeared in the reign reign reign reign reign reign of Theodosius I, as the work well like uh well well well well well well so of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired he retired he retired he retired retired retired retired retired retired he retired he retired from playing in 1952 1952 1952 1952 1952 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead well well well well well well well so well I mean of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' 'Arrow' 'Arrow' 'Arrow' 'Arrow' 'Arrow' and also you know like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha 'Katha 'Katha 'Katha 'Katha 'Katha O so okay well okay like Kahini' (1900); his essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr you you you you you you know uh so um so. T and Pain played football football football football football football at Brown University and Mike so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the well well well well well well well uh like uh concept that Jessie was coerced is considered considered considered considered considered considered a certifiable so I mean uh uh uh fraud by by by by by by his peers, and has been proven of I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is clear that the Nazis were intent in in in in in in removing well uh I mean I mean I mean everything everything everything everything everything everything of value from their victims, and often like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh went further than than than than than than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of of of of of of Tudela and you know like uh okay um most most most most most most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was well well well well well well so well like like the daughter of a well - - - - - - to - do family, so okay like you you you you you you know okay and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife knife knife knife knife knife um you know like I mean well salesman at Ross Cutlery Cutlery Cutlery Cutlery Cutlery Cutlery who claimed to have sold uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh Simpson a 15 - inch (380 mm) mm) mm) mm) mm) mm) German - okay so okay well I mean made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect for the the the the the the um um I mean um you know first time and concedes concedes concedes concedes concedes concedes that the interpersonal aspects uh well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor uh you you you you you you know well uh well emeritus status by the University University University University University University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 in 1793 in 1793 in 1793 in 1793 1793 1793 1793 1793 1793 in 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in in in in in in diplomatic so like well you know so work in in in in in in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally normally normally normally normally normally not show well um okay uh you know the soft submissive submissive submissive submissive submissive submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh well DC's 2008 release Black Black Black Black Black Black Ice, the promotional shots so okay like like um were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like traditions and religions) to defuse just just just just just just such deep ystems always okay you know like you know know know know know know okay impose trained judges who are presumed to have an okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um well ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the the the the the the Greater so like you know uh um Phoenix region that encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African the African the African the African the the the the the the African the African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid canid canid canid canid canid uh uh uh well so found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt Shirt Shirt Shirt Shirt Shirt leaders so I mean uh well so accountable for for for for for for the damages and crimes, while supporting the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well um you know approach of the the the the the the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 in 2005 in 2005 in 2005 in in in in in in 2005 in 2005 he joined the faculty at the University of Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas um okay uh okay like at Austin, where he he he he he he is the Dickson Allen like well like uh um Anderson Anderson Anderson Anderson Anderson Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of Government, and and and and and and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um and the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning upon returning upon returning upon returning upon returning returning returning returning returning returning upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic academic academic academic academic academic career, tutoring so you know uh I mean okay for for for for for for the Open University, founding the Unit for the so so so so so so um well uh you know Study of Government in Scotland at at at at at at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving arriving arriving arriving arriving arriving I mean um okay uh uh from Turkey has advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced through the league system and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um so semesters and fortnightly during the the the the the the two summer semester blocks um um you know um um um um um um like and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And you you you you you you know you know so so well in the 40's she she she she she she began to acquire valuable experience as so like like uh like a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb squad robot, um so you know okay I mean with with with with with with the robot placing it in a 'total containment um well well well well well well so so um vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police truck) truck) truck) truck) truck) truck) um I mean well well uh and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened opened opened opened opened opened like you know so so well his studio and and and and and and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his his his his his his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um I mean the two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is to to to to to to like well like so I mean build up 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with uh so um you you you you you you know uh the development of family - focused initiatives and and and and and and programmes to strengthen like uh I mean like like family family family family family family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like so Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and and and and and and made his um uh um I mean well first IRL start start start start start start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to to to to to to another uh well I mean like um Republican, James Wayne Wayne Wayne Wayne Wayne Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and and and and and and I mean you know so uh okay Martin Johnson, Johnson, Johnson, Johnson, Johnson, Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of well I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so sustained first - person person person person person person perspective in film as a reason you know um um um um um um so well uh for its absence from filmed dream sequences sequences sequences sequences sequences sequences (Walters, James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old old old old old old well um okay uh okay manager an easy ride ride ride ride ride ride and let him add to you know you know know know know know know um you know well the three title success he had managed managed managed managed managed managed them like I mean well uh like to to to to to to in his time there, but Roy Evans uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of of of of of of managing distributed like um well so so video systems across across across across across across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura marries marries marries marries marries marries so uh well um I mean Badong who after after after after after after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled propelled propelled propelled propelled propelled okay you know you know um I mean artillery artillery artillery artillery artillery artillery and trucks, in many cases the division made use of of of of of of you know okay um uh well captured French vehicles that had had had had had had been salvaged and modified well so like you know so by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know eight years with Colchester, an achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement achievement that meant the I mean well so uh um um um um um um former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon venancio Bacon venancio Bacon venancio Bacon venancio Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon venancio Bacon was among the first members of like you know know know know know know uh so like the Doce Pares Club, and a few few few few few few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is 'Twilight' is is is is is is 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know okay the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, Youngstown, um well so you know uh Ohio, and is shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping up to become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) you you you you you you know uh well you know I mean ( Irish 'Ollscoil na na na na na na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the the the the the the like like I mean like you know Swans drew 4 -- 4 4 4 4 4 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on I mean you you you you you you know okay you know you know 28 April 2012, a game game game game game game Swansea had led 4 okay um okay so so so so so so uh -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al saad Al Al Al Al Al Al saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 well um uh so I mean ) is a a a a a a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first the first the first the first the the the the the the first the first person to petition for redress redress redress redress redress redress you know um well so like was Fang Fang Fang Fang Fang Fang Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent I mean um um um um um um well you know you know to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation like like like like like like you know well like uh Commission approved nomination of of of of of of the building for the National Register okay well well well well well well um okay um of Historic Places has begun, and historic historic historic historic historic historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided to so so so so so so um you know you know like reform himself upon upon upon upon upon upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists well so so so so so so like you know you know stayed in the United States; however, however, however, however, however, however, perhaps 70, 000 you know well um um like loyalists sought sought sought sought sought sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is so so so so so so um okay okay you know chosen as the Gunpla Gunpla Gunpla Gunpla Gunpla Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when she um okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh so realizes that she is pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant with her second child, um you know okay um you you you you you you know she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine Philippine Philippine Philippine Philippine Philippine television, I mean I mean I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities um like like like like like like uh like so at RailAmerica as well, although the ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership of FEC and RailAmerica I mean uh um well uh were were were were were were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the the the the the the town I mean like I mean you know okay mansions mansions mansions mansions mansions mansions of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in in in in in in okay you know I mean um you know Varanasi on on on on on on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long along along along along along - time time time time time time supporter of uh you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean the Republican Party, Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - - - - - - year - okay like okay okay um old Chloe Keenan Keenan Keenan Keenan Keenan Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen mathias Christen mathias Christen mathias Christen mathias mathias mathias mathias mathias mathias Christen mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international international international international international international um you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football for like like like like like like I mean um uh um Port Lions F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and and and and and and like I mean I mean okay well if the the the the the the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned brown earned brown earned brown earned brown brown brown brown brown brown earned brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October October October October October October 1948 so um you know I mean I mean amid amid amid amid amid amid a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well uh he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team of of of of of of I mean okay I mean okay like FK Partizan Partizan Partizan Partizan Partizan Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in in in in in in um so I mean uh you know 1998 with the the the the the the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting I mean uh um uh well of separate areas in different different different different different different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General uh like like like like like like like well well Manager of the UIC and went went went went went went on to publish several so uh um like well well well well well well books, including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh um to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and and and and and and well uh okay so okay available in the United States, States, States, States, States, States, while the GZ125 is available in okay um okay um um um um um um um the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this by this by this by this by this this this this this this by this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of of of of of of like so I mean well um Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, uh like like like like like like I mean you know I mean were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to to to to to to um okay well I mean um have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the the the the the the okay so well so you know country on on on on on on many international visits. Now days she you know know know know know know okay okay so well is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the the the the the the okay uh you know like well Navitilevu Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist the Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 to Labour led uh well okay you know know know know know know I mean by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority government government government government government government fell in I mean you know uh um uh June June June June June June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a like like like like like like okay so you know uh Best Actress nomination at the the the the the the Filmfare Awards for the third like okay you know so so so so so so okay time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype archetype archetype archetype archetype archetype directly so so like okay I mean inside contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And okay um uh so so so so so so uh Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke well so uh like you know University where he was the the the the the the first Duke basketball player to so uh like um um um um um um well earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, and well I mean well well okay most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of you you you you you you know uh so you know so the most most most most most most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot riot riot riot riot riot in Newtownabbey well I mean um so uh was robbed at at at at at at knifepoint, while a bus was I mean I mean um um um um um um like um set alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also perdoor also perdoor also perdoor perdoor perdoor perdoor perdoor perdoor also perdoor also perdoor also has B. M Primary School, School, School, School, School, School, which was okay okay I mean I mean uh started started started started started started more than 100 years back providing education up like um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know to 7th grade, and also also also also also also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - - - - - - 8 individuals. They are they are they are are are are are are they are they are they are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly manalo nearly manalo nearly manalo nearly manalo nearly nearly nearly nearly nearly nearly manalo nearly won his first world title at the the the the the the 2004 you know I mean okay um so so so so so so WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost to to to to to to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is so so so so so so so like um uh the worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes he goes he goes he goes he he he he he he goes he goes to Alma's house and finds out through through through through through through I mean um um uh I mean his mother that Alma Alma Alma Alma Alma Alma attempted suicide by slashing her like well uh so you you you you you you know wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying saying saying saying saying saying that if you know okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 well uh well um so and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM um um um um um um okay you know okay like label; his first notable recordings recordings recordings recordings recordings recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, Rakhe, Rakhe, Rakhe, Rakhe, Rakhe, okay you know well like okay came up with most most most most most most of the obscure American history so well so I mean well facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is okay you know know know know know know like so I mean an American hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will will will will will will get I mean like well um okay killed if if if if if if he does so, Andy puts the final I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know um piece of on rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, which then falls into the I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay portal, which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, in 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh to break party ranks ranks ranks ranks ranks ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism like uh okay I I I I I I mean um Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil civil civil civil civil civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States States States States States States Marines I mean I mean so so okay in the the the the the the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social social social social social social and emotional like well so um uh information; people, perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each uh well like okay you you you you you you know other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, water, water, water, water, water, the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, and like um um well um in the Philippines, outrigger outrigger outrigger outrigger outrigger outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States States States States States States during um you know I mean I mean um prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since available since available since available since available since since since since since since available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, I I I I I I mean so um okay you know OpenSearchServer was developed developed developed developed developed developed under the GPL v3 license and offers well uh I I I I I I mean um well a series of full text lexical lexical lexical lexical lexical lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most most most most most most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like uh stopped at this station on on on on on on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal these animal these animal these animal these animal these these these these these these animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be be be be be be uh well um I mean so a very primitive primitive primitive primitive primitive primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the the the the the the well like um you know I mean Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and agree agree agree agree agree agree uh you know like okay like to call each each each each each each other after they both wake up I mean you know I I I I I I mean so okay to see if they were both both both both both both really there and then Tyler um you know um you know know know know know know uh uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars some cars some cars some cars some cars cars cars cars cars cars some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, superchargers, superchargers, superchargers, superchargers, superchargers, as uh um okay I mean so the three three three three three three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft like you you you you you you know uh um um failure if revved beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed uh uh okay you you you you you you know okay a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of some of some of some of some of some some some some some some of the land origianlly deeded for the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay new campus was sold and developed with with with with with with homes, but well um you know uh so in in in in in in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so okay well one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the well like like like like like like you know I mean uh same name by by by by by by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh so uh 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to to to to to to increased um you know um you know I mean recognition for survivors, and and and and and and she successfully negotiated that they well okay um you you you you you you know okay be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), below), below), below), below), below), since you know okay so so so 2008, Verreos has has has has has has been a regular panel member on TV uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh so um Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, okay okay well like like Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about about about about about about 1500 yards like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes what makes what makes what makes what makes makes makes makes makes makes what makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl I I I I I I mean I mean okay so so - siloxane as a a a a a a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E E E E E E Kittoe she I mean you know like so well served in the the the the the the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, which which which which which which uh so like like I mean features a collection collection collection collection collection collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and and and and and and uh like um well I mean networking on key issues. Extending Extending Extending Extending Extending Extending its agenda beyond business, CII you know um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient like like like like like like like I mean like well and rare but possibly provided provided provided provided provided provided variable gene functions like greater you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is he is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where where where where where where he attended Ouachita you know I mean so so um um um um um um Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh Magician' while his short stories have been been been been been been published in a you know uh like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, you you you you you you know um well like okay and Mr. Bennet explains that that that that that that her that Chandra has a list like so well like like like like like like uh with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer High spencer spencer spencer spencer spencer spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean well Columbus, Georgia, was was was was was was established on November 29, 1930, well uh I mean you know um um um um um um by the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making making making making making making I mean um okay you know okay 51 appearances for for for for for for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was like you you you you you you know so well like a key member of the promotion winning winning winning winning winning winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her throughout her throughout her throughout her throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout her throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to to to to to to you know so you know so okay Girls 'Generation's 'Generation's 'Generation's 'Generation's 'Generation's 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so penning the lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in in in in in in the um um I mean I mean well Canton Canton Canton Canton Canton Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of well like um um um um um um well okay the Hermits, that title being derived from the the the the the the circumstances of I mean um like you know know know know know know uh its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of of of of of of like like like you know uh North Garo Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack jack jack jack jack jack uh I mean okay okay I mean of diamonds playing card card card card card card being shredded by um okay you know you know so so so so so so a bullet is used in the music video well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage voltage voltage voltage voltage voltage sources you know um well okay you know (primary (primary (primary (primary (primary (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant you you you you you you know okay I mean okay okay current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on work on work on work on on on on on on work on work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after after after after after after the release I mean well I mean you know I I I I I I mean of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish Scottish I mean you know uh um so Academy of of of of of of Music & Drama he won a you know know know know know know you know I mean you know um Laurence Olivier Olivier Olivier Olivier Olivier Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made so so so so so so um so um you know no profit profit profit profit profit profit with the exception of the sale of well okay so so so so so so well I mean his farm for a small sum, and and and and and and was um okay I mean okay okay 'gloriously out of of of of of of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the the the the the the uh uh uh like I mean 'Dungeons & Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge um um um um um um well uh well so Bus Terminal and a series of of of of of of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering catering catering catering catering catering I mean you know um I mean I mean services services services services services services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they they they they they they become uh like uh well uh evermore corrupted corrupted corrupted corrupted corrupted corrupted by the influence of power and money, I mean I I I I I I mean like like like eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc marc marc marc marc marc Brašnić marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a a a a a a Croatian footballer you know so uh I mean uh who who who who who who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so okay uh that is listed on the Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and is regarded so okay so I I I I I I mean you know as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to due to due to due to due due due due due due to due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a a a a a a so like like uh uh volcanic island there there there there there there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and and and and and and Offspring, uh I mean uh well uh the son of Plastic Plastic Plastic Plastic Plastic Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab Shabaab well so so I mean I mean Islamist Islamist Islamist Islamist Islamist Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled um so uh I mean well the court system, system, system, system, system, system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen geoffrey Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 10 10 10 10 10 March uh like so um um 2003) was a a a a a a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay so a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland Corporation introduced in um okay okay so well January January January January January January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne lipman Hearne Hearne Hearne Hearne Hearne Hearne lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing and communications you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and and and and and and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks were like I mean uh so um and and and and and and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the you you you you you you know uh so okay well city for the first first first first first first time and his team wanted to maximise okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given so so so so so so uh well well I mean to the antelope mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly due to its great size, but it is I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean well actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted to I mean well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter Günter Günter Günter Günter Günter so okay so uh you know with his his his his his his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended attended attended attended attended attended the uh okay like you know like University of of of of of of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was valkia was valkia was valkia was valkia was was was was was was valkia was once the queen of a great great great great great great tribe who gained you know so so you know okay the attention of of of of of of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to okay okay okay okay okay okay so so you know well describe the tattooed bodies of of of of of of the people residing you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um in the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player like you you you you you you know I mean okay you know for Warrington Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently okay so I mean so um used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, so um well I mean so with the the the the the the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric uh um um um um um um I mean like um Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced first announced first announced first announced first announced announced announced announced announced announced first announced in August 2006, this version is based okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean well on a different model model model model model model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the uh well well well well well well okay so like king soon tired of the long journey and was was was was was was okay I mean uh um well bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark Newark Newark Newark Newark Newark okay well well like uh (Peak time only) was operated operated operated operated operated operated briefly with the uh um so okay well service being being being being being being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, I I I I I I mean I mean well you know uh online friendships have changed significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; it is possible I mean you know I I I I I I mean okay um to hold real - time audio and and and and and and video so uh well uh you know conversations over the the the the the the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the the the the the the city like well like uh I mean of Breslau Breslau Breslau Breslau Breslau Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) like you know know know know know know you know um you know and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff plaintiff the action um I mean like like um was begun begun begun begun begun begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin like like like like like like uh you know well um tuned like a a a a a a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in in in in in in I mean I mean so um I mean 229 BC, BC, BC, BC, BC, BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking the city um um um um um um um um uh I mean as part of the Illyrian Illyrian Illyrian Illyrian Illyrian Illyrian Conquests took place you know uh um so so in in in in in in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a so so so so so so like okay I mean so Croatian darts player who who who who who who qualified for the 2013 like like you know know know know know know you know uh PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) is I I I I I I mean um I mean so um a Minister, Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO uh so okay you know know know know know know you know of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are lockers are lockers are lockers are lockers lockers lockers lockers lockers lockers are lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying varying varying varying varying varying heights and like um I mean like um tier arrangements, arrangements, arrangements, arrangements, arrangements, arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 since since since since since since 2009 since 2009 the city has the German name name name name name name 'Polnisch you know okay okay um um Neudorf' that was was was was was was used before the year 1914 so you know so so so so so so you know uh notable is that the name 'Neudorf in in in in in in Oberschlesien' was so you know okay so so not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B R&B R&B R&B R&B R&B I mean you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean and the old skool rave / jungle techno sound I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay like and releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all um okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean the dialects in the Guangdong Guangdong Guangdong Guangdong Guangdong Guangdong (Canton) province, and the I mean well well you you you you you you know okay Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a a a a a a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on well well well well well well um okay you know so 1 July 1876, and and and and and and worked first as a you know I mean you you you you you you know well so school teacher in Maryborough and Rockhampton Rockhampton Rockhampton Rockhampton Rockhampton Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, his father, his father, his father, his father, father, father, father, father, father, his father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed like um well well well well well well you know I mean Hitler, left Germany in January 1933, 1933, 1933, 1933, 1933, 1933, and seven months I mean I mean you know know know know know know uh so old, John and his mother arrived in in in in in in England where like um okay so okay his his his his his his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / so like I I I I I I mean um I mean West, North Central Service Service Service Service Service Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, so like well well well well well well like okay and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of October October October October October October uh you know um I mean you know 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Football Club I I I I I I mean um so I mean you know in the the the the the the Australian Football League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became became became became became became like you know um I mean um the 'de facto' facto' facto' facto' facto' facto' dictator of Charleston until the town so like like like like like like so like I mean was abandoned around 1889, at which which which which which which time he left uh I mean well you know like Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he he he he he he was working um uh so um um at at at at at at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting was was was was was was uh well okay like so greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, so so so so so so I mean like like um California and is mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly known for his time with the um well like like like like like like I mean so Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob okay you know well okay um Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt Egypt Egypt Egypt Egypt Egypt under you know I mean well um um Amasis II II II II II II. This brief period of Egyptian domination left left left left left left so okay like like like its influence mainly in in in in in in the arts, especially sculpture, where well like you know well well well well well well well the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in you know um um um um um um so like um Conjunction with Search for a Star (Launched as as as as as as a joint like okay I mean well okay project with with with with with with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can can can can can can tour well you know okay okay uh portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter matter matter matter matter matter okay well you know okay you know what the the the the the the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has she has she has she has has has has has has she has she has studied at the National Theatre Institute, Institute, Institute, Institute, Institute, Institute, has a well well um like uh degree from Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston College, and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave cave cave cave cave cave you know well okay you know well chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber full of water at less than atmospheric pressure like so you you you you you you know you know uh which is formed when the the the the the the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, I I I I I I mean so you know like um 1906) was a career career career career career career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white white white white white white okay like you know okay um Boston attorney who later later later later later later went on to become president of the like like like like like like well um uh like American Bar Association (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to to to to to to find uh you know like I mean you know a man, man, man, man, man, man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need well uh like like like like like like so so one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley like uh I I I I I I mean like you know that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a although a although a although a although although although although although although a although a town had been there for many many many many many many years, silver well you know you know like um um um um um um was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 1772 1772 1772 1772 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, Vallenar, Vallenar, Vallenar, Vallenar, Vallenar, well uh like you know I mean Chile) Chile) Chile) Chile) Chile) Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um so of straight sections across the the the the the the hill, followed by sharp turns so um okay okay um um um um um um to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with with with with with with okay uh so like like no father (daddy) around her her her her her her and so so you know uh uh well her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part of of of of of of Canberra well so um you know uh Nature Park and and and and and and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted so okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like on assuming sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as you know know know know know know uh you know uh you know the physical physical physical physical physical physical land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand um um um um um um you know I mean well I mean used to be be be be be be part of China before the okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 and was reported to you know well okay uh so be in in in in in in fair health in 2008, at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January on January on January on January January January January January January on January on January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced announced announced announced announced announced it would purchase FirstMerit, um I mean well you know know know know know know you know subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera Opera Opera Opera Opera Opera I mean like well so okay received an order order order order order order to sew a number of Russian uh like so well well well well well well so military uniforms that later were used in an exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange of like you know so like okay gunfire at at at at at at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses evening courses evening courses evening courses evening evening evening evening evening evening courses evening courses are offered through continuing education in both credit credit credit credit credit credit you know like so okay um and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their so so so so so so uh okay you know well way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan okay like like like so Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 1463 1463 1463 1463 1463 - 1471, on the okay you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay site of the former Byzantine Church of of of of of of the Holy so well I mean uh um Apostles, Apostles, Apostles, Apostles, Apostles, Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the when the when the when the when the the the the the the when the Veil corners the Doctor, he he he he he he admits he is okay okay okay like uh afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the the the the the the okay you know so like so Israelites again turned away from from from from from from God after 40 years well like okay like so so so so so so of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen henchmen henchmen henchmen henchmen henchmen to well so like uh well kidnap Beethoven for the the the the the the million - dollar ransom, uh so so um well which which which which which which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's Curtis's like I mean well well I mean character character character character character character and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis uh you know know know know know know well you know so told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular apopular apopular apopular apopular apopular Azeri legend gives an an an an an an alternative origin: a I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color the color the color the color the the the the the the color the color palette would have remained at 4096 4096 4096 4096 4096 4096 colours but I mean uh you know I mean okay the the the the the the resolution could go up to 1024 × 1024 so well well well well well well well um I mean with 128 colors (7 bit bit bit bit bit bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency um um um um um um I mean uh well well and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during during during during during during um I mean um I mean um the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's Boots billy's billy's billy's billy's billy's billy's Boots billy's Boots was a popular British comic comic comic comic comic comic strip by I mean uh you know so so so so so so so writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling like so um okay like pay - per - - - - - - view (PPV) event produced by like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took took took took took took place on March well so so so I mean 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased it purchased it purchased it it it it it it purchased it purchased it purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX (CSX (CSX (CSX (CSX (CSX WT) in 2005 and the so uh okay like like like like like like um then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company Company Company Company Company Company (P&O) of the United so well um so so Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys it preys it preys it preys it preys it it it it it it preys on insects, spiders and lizards that I mean okay well well well well well well uh well become ensnared in its web, killing killing killing killing killing killing them with uh uh well um well its venom before before before before before before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his his his his his his well uh I mean you know I mean opponent may may may may may may clip the referee -- while you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean a wrestler would probably only be be be be be be knocked back uh okay I mean okay so so so so so so in this situation, the referee would most likely um um um um um um okay well so um be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December in December in December in December in in in in in in December in December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she she she she she she uses as you know like like okay um a blunt blunt blunt blunt blunt blunt instrument, with it, she's able to send uh like um um um um um um so um strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar onto the ground, allowing like so uh okay I I I I I I mean it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers their writers their writers their writers their their their their their their writers their writers were regarded as being dedicated to um um um um um um well uh so like creativity and patriotic values, and that that that that that that is why I mean like so I mean um they they they they they they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay well Indian international cricketer who who who who who who plays for Baroda in domestic you know I mean um um um um um um you know well cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol and and and and and and uh like like I mean um Fulton Mackay, is is is is is is based on the autobiography of Glasgow gangster like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, meeting rooms so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean well and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought kenna kenna kenna kenna kenna kenna fought kenna fought for the Southern Area title once once once once once once more well uh like well I mean against Larry Olubamiwo in in in in in in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is is is is is is um like uh like so an Algerian football football football football football football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department you know know know know know know um uh okay I mean of Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort fort fort fort fort fort in Pandi was I mean you know so I I I I I I mean I mean attacked by a massive force of of of of of of Spaniards that massacred uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, battle, battle, battle, battle, battle, so okay so like okay Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a a a a a a Franco I mean uh well okay um - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific cope's scientific cope's scientific cope's scientific cope's scientific cope's cope's cope's cope's cope's cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped helped helped helped helped helped okay okay uh I mean um define the field of of of of of of American paleontology; he was a prodigious uh uh okay you you you you you you know okay writer, with 1, 400 papers published over over over over over over his lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which which which which which which meant you know I mean like well well well well well well um that Rihanna would reveal the title of the the the the the the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its well okay I I I I I I mean you know uh conclusion and inauguration from 1840, was the the the the the the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera you know um so you know so so so so so so y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT TMNT TMNT TMNT TMNT TMNT like like I mean you know well or or or or or or Ninja Turtles) are a team of I mean like well well well well well well okay okay four teenage anthropomorphic turtles, named after four Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance Italian artists, you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and and and and and and the well so like I mean so tallest tallest tallest tallest tallest tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now uh you you you you you you know well so like stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to to to to to to a like uh um um like design by by by by by by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs to you know know know know know know well like um you know his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James James James James James James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate probate probate probate probate probate records, I mean like I mean uh I mean court court court court court court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander Commander Commander Commander Commander Commander and Serpentor and I mean okay okay like okay took them them them them them them to their hidden headquarters to try Cobra so so you you you you you you know so um Commander for his failure, and and and and and and put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to to to to to to sign I mean uh I mean like okay an American American American American American American player when they signed former major league pitcher uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, Bottler, Bottler, Bottler, Bottler, Bottler, who had okay um uh I mean okay played in in in in in in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super like like like like like like okay like I mean okay Bowl XXXIV in in in in in in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she she she she she she well you know like okay I mean worked as a a a a a a maid, and cooked Southern - style uh well I I I I I I mean I mean like meals for Michelle and her her her her her her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the the the the the the third - you know um uh um okay tallest such such such such such such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by like well um um like like like like like like land) structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock rock rock rock rock rock I mean um okay okay um is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study study study study study study symphonic orchestration you know like like um like with with with with with with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are are are are are are not well known, like um I mean um like they are are are are are are regularly seen around the islands as well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like so as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese Senegalese Senegalese Senegalese Senegalese Senegalese waters, where about uh well like okay um 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range range range range range range um okay okay okay okay naval weapon with a low low low low low low muzzle velocity, and is said to uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville Melville Melville Melville Melville Melville in 1759 so so like you know so and developed developed developed developed developed developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, year, year, year, year, year, okay you know like okay so the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a a a a a a number like um uh like I mean of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was was was was was was the rightful um like okay I mean you know know know know know know heir, Idris said a family council would okay so so so so so so you know uh well decide who would be be be be be be king, not an heir, and uh okay uh so so so so so so uh that his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station the station the station the station the the the the the the station the station shared studio space and staff with with with with with with its sister I mean like I mean um you you you you you you know station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until until until until until until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team team team team team team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for for for for for for the so so so I mean so stage, including including including including including including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she uh um so well well well well well well um shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, like you you you you you you know I mean like so Season 5 5 5 5 5 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 1: 1: 1: 1: 1: you know okay uh so you know 19 19 19 19 19 19. 495 and took his sixth pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian with Bohemian with Bohemian with Bohemian with with with with with with Bohemian with Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to to to to to to the Habsburg like okay well I mean um Monarchy, it was was was was was was devastated several times during the Thirty Years' like okay you you you you you you know you know so War and conquered in the Silesian Silesian Silesian Silesian Silesian Silesian wars of King Frederick II of so uh you you you you you you know uh like Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' ( I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean you know pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed elements um um you know well okay of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and and and and and and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of well well well well well well okay um uh I mean North America later that year, year, year, year, year, year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led led led led led led by Wat so uh well so like Tyler, Kentish rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels rebels entered London on 13 June, so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well like destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but but but but but but lost the uh um uh um uh DFL endorsement to to to to to to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band the band the band the band the band the band band band band band band Nangma just toured the United States in April 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, I mean um well well like playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south south south south south south I mean okay um um okay India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California California California California California California Excellence in well I mean like so okay Business Award in in in in in in the non-profit category as presented by The well um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege well well well well well well I mean okay um I mean Bergen op Zoom or or or or or or Breda but at the same time he well I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so had worked up a ruse - - - - - - to the uh like uh uh um Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to which I I I I I I mean well you know uh like she agrees also, also, also, also, also, also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, Adams, Adams, Adams, Adams, Adams, North uh well I mean um you know Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian descent, you you you you you you know well um I mean well he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from from from from from from 1880 um okay like well like to 1927 was called the the the the the the Nevada - California - so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a as a as a as a as as as as as as a as a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated I I I I I I mean like like you know um as a volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer in the Civil War of you know well so well well well well well well okay 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she she she she she she is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that uh uh uh uh uh uh like well well uh is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have have have have have have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics uh I mean you know so so supervillains: alternate reality reality reality reality reality reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line the line the line the line the line the the the the the the line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are hemes are hemes are hemes are hemes are hemes hemes hemes hemes hemes hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, okay um um um um um um like like so the red pigment in blood, but are are are are are are also found like so well um um in a number number number number number number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' Soup' Soup' Soup' Soup' Soup' (1981), part of I mean okay uh well I I I I I I mean a collection of dances in a piece entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled 'Food for I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh um Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay um Des Moines and the the the the the the elder brother of travel writer Bill you know like like like like like like well well I mean Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi Farooqi born I mean well I mean okay I mean & & & & & & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, you know uh so uh uh Teacher, Teacher, Teacher, Teacher, Teacher, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell like like like like like like well well so I mean the premises at Great Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um um feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence post independence post independence post independence post independence post post post post post post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly so so so so so so well uh like uh until the new Secretariat building was was was was was was opened in 2010, but um uh um okay like shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian okay okay okay okay okay okay so so I mean you know professional ice hockey forward who who who who who who is currently playing for you know okay like well like the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a as a as a as a as as as as as as a as a player, he was said to be very very very very very very smart and you know well I mean so well a versatile versatile versatile versatile versatile versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious serious serious serious serious serious uh so well well you know case of alcoholism and and and and and and having never previously consumed anything stronger I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh I mean like than milk, he began to drink drink drink drink drink drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International uh you you you you you you know um so okay USA at the end of the the the the the the 1980s/early 1990s, He so okay I mean so well claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed that Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate like like like like like like so you know okay you know real estate arm, its its its its its its current portfolio of projects include you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay mixed - use developments, developments, developments, developments, developments, developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any any any any any any well uh like you know so other intervention in America, however, however, however, however, however, however, it should be noted that okay well well like like often often often often often often Drug courts are the only avenue for entry into treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment so well well I mean well in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of of of of of of Trondheim as the daughter um like you know um um um um um um so of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is mcCabe is mcCabe is mcCabe is mcCabe mcCabe mcCabe mcCabe mcCabe mcCabe is mcCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his his his his his his plan, you know like you know well you know know know know know know and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the film Amasova is an agent of the the the the the the uh well well I mean well KGB, however, in the novelisation novelisation novelisation novelisation novelisation novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a you you you you you you know okay so well so Canadian professional contractor best best best best best best known for his television show so uh you you you you you you know like um 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, States, States, States, States, States, and so um like okay you know earned earned earned earned earned earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know Hearts, the women's provincial curling championship championship championship championship championship championship for the Northwest uh so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh Territories and Yukon, will be held from January 11 to to to to to to okay um you know uh so 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into into into into into into recrimination and I mean okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with with with with with with okay I mean well like like mud the whole whole whole whole whole whole French army, and even France herself, for I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know okay which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train train train train train train one okay uh um okay um day from Twickenham to his his his his his his office in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into um like so I I I I I I mean like conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school the school the school the school school school school school school the school the school is architecturally divided into the the the the the the primary and secondary, you know uh okay I mean like like like like like like bisected by the entrance road and connected via an underpass you you you you you you know um so so well and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than in um um um um um um okay so you know okay other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from from from from from from the I mean like you know uh you know hits hits hits hits hits hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used used used used used used you know um I mean like so to to to to to to identify a younger male or female that an an an an an an older like okay I mean so well individual was interested interested interested interested interested interested in talking to, dating, or a younger I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either either either either either either the English so okay like um uh word 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word 'trinità' and okay um um um um um um you know like okay expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David uh like like like like like like I mean um like H. McConnell in 1886 is a a a a a a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is she is she is she is is is is is is she is she is often seen with a holstered airsoft airsoft airsoft airsoft airsoft airsoft gun, okay so like I mean so even though she she she she she she is never seen using it, uh I mean like you you you you you you know so and was removed in the PS2 adaption adaption adaption adaption adaption adaption uh well uh okay well of the game; she she she she she she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year year year year year year um you know I mean so I mean of of of of of of high school, and soon after booked her first first first first first first uh uh you know okay well two jobs in one one one one one one day, a cameo in the Academy okay you know know know know know know so um so Award winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was hoppe was hoppe was hoppe was hoppe hoppe hoppe hoppe hoppe hoppe was hoppe was captured by the British in April April April April April April 1946 you know well well I mean uh in in in in in in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, so um um um um um um uh um okay Scotland in August 1947 until until until until until until January 1948 when he was um uh so well so so so so so so sent to a P. O. W. Camp in in in in in in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know uh station in the Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, Monaro, New South Wales district, was okay well okay I I I I I I mean I mean a successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique Dominique Dominique Dominique Dominique Dominique I mean um um you know so Heaggan - Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, were both African American, and video from like um um um um um um like okay well the officer's bodycam showed that Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith had turned toward the you know okay well okay well officer with with with with with with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of well well well well well well you know uh like like Events', local fears fears fears fears fears fears of rebellion and pressure from the British public I mean so so so so so so you know you know you know led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original you you you you you you know well I mean um um Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the okay you you you you you you know so I mean well venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for um um um um um um you know well like okay walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him him him him him him and so um well okay you know he he he he he he confronts her about the engagement telling her that she you you you you you you know so uh uh uh should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a a a a a a okay so so so uh pro-British prime minister, Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri al - Said, was in place uh you know know know know know know I mean I mean well until, in 1958, monarch and and and and and and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website website website website website website on 23 well well so so uh November and and and and and and then went to all UK music channels, the like um um um um um um you know okay uh video is black and white and sees Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson singing you know well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company the company the company the company the company the the the the the the company was established in 2004 based out of of of of of of Berwyn, uh you know well I mean so Illinois, the the the the the the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club there sister sister sister sister sister sister like you know okay um uh company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the the the the the the basis of um uh so uh so an interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The you know okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh so Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive receive receive receive receive receive medical attention, so I mean well um I mean on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as as as as as as the so um you know uh well evacuation of 4000 4000 4000 4000 4000 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean okay to Penn Station had been been been been been been electrified and the lines from uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a as a as a as a as a a a a a a as a punishment, Mary was sold to to to to to to another Bermudian, probably Robert well uh you know know know know know know I mean so Darrell, who sent her in 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 1806 to Grand Turk, um okay like I mean so so so so so so which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is is is is is is a um well uh I mean uh Spanish footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer officer officer officer officer officer of so well I mean well uh HMS HMS HMS HMS HMS HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay Second - in - Command of the 3rd Battle like like like like like like um well well okay Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota, Minnesota, United I mean uh like okay okay States located on on on on on on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and and and and and and his so like um uh so book 'How to to to to to to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh well it was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, staff, staff, staff, staff, staff, Press Broadcasting um uh okay I mean um executives said said said said said said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel like I I I I I I mean uh well okay 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and and and and and and that all of um well like you know so so so so so so the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to to to to to to cook like so okay you know so vegetables using the water water water water water water inside the vegetables without any additional so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was known for its brickyards, some early ones well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um well were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and I I I I I I mean you know like okay like named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, City, City, City, City, City, Abu like well you know okay so Dhabi Dhabi Dhabi Dhabi Dhabi Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing showing showing showing showing showing the like uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location location location location location location in okay uh like uh uh a sewerage network, network, network, network, network, network, rgraphs are commonly used in the design um um um um um um uh well like um of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour uSS 'Barbour uSS 'Barbour uSS 'Barbour uSS 'Barbour 'Barbour 'Barbour 'Barbour 'Barbour 'Barbour uSS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to to to to to to okay so um um so work for her on missions missions missions missions missions missions other A. R. G like well so well you know know know know know know. U. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries tries tries tries tries tries to have Starling um I mean you know know know know know know you know um City destroyed during Slade Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham Bellingham Bellingham Bellingham Bellingham Bellingham riot, well okay okay uh um on September September September September September September 7 and 8, in response to anti-Asian activists becoming uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean you know concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um uh is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well well you know team to conduct a a a a a a detailed case study on her, and well you know well well well well well well okay like in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital Hospital scientists uh well you know I mean like who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions in in in in in in I mean I mean well um I mean North Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney including beach defences to respond to possible I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know um Japanese landings at Manly, Manly, Manly, Manly, Manly, Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where so like um like so it it it it it it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single you know know know know know know uh okay like uh runway airports in the country country country country country country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most the most the most the most the the the the the the most the most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach peach peach peach peach peach like like um you know um. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band of uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know okay Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an as an as an as an as an an an an an an as an international he played five times for Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland before like well so you know well it emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born born born born born born uh okay like you know so Irving Boyar Boyar Boyar Boyar Boyar Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election I mean well well well well well well okay okay you know he became the subject of of of of of of controversy when a secret 2005 well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh recording surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump uh uh okay I mean okay having a a a a a a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that later that later that later that later later later later later later that later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that that that that that that he wishes to well okay well um um marry the the the the the the princess, but she laughs and tells uh you know you you you you you you know I mean uh him that a poor boy boy boy boy boy boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more more more more more more off - so uh I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted adevoted adevoted adevoted adevoted adevoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know so writing the the the the the the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) ) ) ) ) ) was the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took the so you know I mean uh like majority of the the the the the the town late Monday evening after an earlier battle battle battle battle battle battle well so um okay um between Government troops and and and and and and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her after her after her after her after after after after after after her after her contract ended she went to a year year year year year year in well okay uh I mean you know the the the the the the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a I I I I I I mean well so so well theoretical perspective, (19 -- 33), 33), 33), 33), 33), 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the the the the the the return of so I mean so I mean like studio - - - - - - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an an an an an an alien pod; while uh like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and and and and and and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at like well well well well well well so you know um 24 Saville Row which gained gained gained gained gained gained a first place WAN okay you know know know know know know you know um uh Facade Award in 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - - - - - - sleeve white you know uh like like okay okay okay okay okay okay pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' in in in in in in so I mean well so I mean green letters, printed printed printed printed printed printed on the bottom front of collar, wearing either you you you you you you know um like um um blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well well be linked to the Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir later Sir later Sir later Sir later later later later later later Sir later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, there, there, there, there, there, which uh okay well you know um was also also also also also also used by other Residents and Governors, and so uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay uh it became known as as as as as as Government Hill until it was renamed so so like like like like like like like you know Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is is is is is is like uh uh you know like a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh well was a Fijian chief and statesman, statesman, statesman, statesman, statesman, statesman, who played a major role I mean okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded bearded bearded bearded bearded bearded okay I mean um okay uh man in a a a a a a black suit jacket I mean uh uh um you know know know know know know with white lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay so Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought thought thought thought thought thought uh like you know um uh to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, I mean okay you you you you you you know so well but it failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of as of as of as of as of of of of of of as of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 1 1 1 1 1 well um so okay um. 01 males to 1 1 1 1 1 1 female -- the greater number of men like like like like like like okay so um um is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite well you know you know uh well after Timber Country Country Country Country Country Country was withdrawn from the race with a fever like like like like like like okay like uh like and won by two two two two two two lengths from Star Standard, giving uh um I I I I I I mean I mean well his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie you you you you you you know well I mean uh so Guerrero during his last last last last last last heel run and feud with you know like like like like like like like well uh Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at at at at at at representative level okay so well you know uh for England, England, England, England, England, England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the the the the the the okay okay like so you know Father of Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association Association Association Association Association Association (LAAFTA) was uh well so you know so so so so so so founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and and and and and and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese the Japanese the Japanese the Japanese the the the the the the Japanese the Japanese government claimed that this control included all all all all all all the so uh you know well um rights and and and and and and privileges granted to Russia by China in uh okay I I I I I I mean I mean I mean the Li - - - - - - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so okay the Kwantung Lease Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, while while while while while while KTVG like okay um uh well was owned by by by by by by Hill Broadcasting Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's nephew's nephew's nephew's nephew's nephew's well you know um so you know wife, mother, and two two two two two two sisters - in - law um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to gain control of their oil rights, and you you you you you you know uh uh you know you know then then then then then then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters matters matters matters matters matters beyond the I mean well you know well I mean group's group's group's group's group's group's control, these two releases failed to get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was was was was was was well okay I mean well well just short of 100, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one one one one one one whiskey um okay uh you know um and drug store, and and and and and and the population consisted mostly of railroad like like uh uh uh uh uh uh um like workers, but this store was later joined by a a a a a a general you know um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the the the the the the chest; um I mean uh well like they then then then then then then strangled Sharer with a rope until she uh like like like like like like so well so was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics I mean okay I mean like well and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson the Hudson the Hudson the Hudson the Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson the Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage drainage drainage drainage drainage drainage basin I mean like uh I mean um located in the the the the the the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its well well well well well well like you know um uh donors, which included 28 28 28 28 28 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after the um um um um um um uh I mean okay so theft; the second theft occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred backstage at Carnegie like uh well I mean well well well well well well Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray billy Ray billy Ray billy Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray Ray billy Ray billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into into into into into into the like you know uh so uh Arkansas Sports Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran well so so so so so so you know like I mean artist George Tuska Tuska Tuska Tuska Tuska Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She was was was was was was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 2 2 2 2 2 - um um um uh you know 2 draw away away away away away away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September um I mean you know know know know know know um um 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska like like like like like like I mean um um well FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so the ring, but is dismayed when when when when when when he finds out that okay you know like well uh Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a well well well well well well okay well okay well 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural rural rural rural rural rural family starring Ryan Phillippe um like like you know know know know know know um and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School like like like like like like so uh uh uh in the school year year year year year year of 1994 in whom he like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean organized / introduced Karatedo as a sport sport sport sport sport sport in school um okay um you know okay and a a a a a a regular P. E. Subject to all pupils and so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well like presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is what is what is what is what is is is is is is what is referred to as a large keelson is well well well well well well so well well um actually a 7. 5m long 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m 5m long 5m long 5m long 5m long 5m long mast mast mast mast mast mast - step timber made well well like I mean I I I I I I mean of oak which doubles the axial frame and and and and and and the um um so okay I mean stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by um um um um um um like I mean I mean well 1810 1810 1810 1810 1810 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy like like so I mean okay was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were were were were were were um so um um okay included in the release; these these these these these these are short - form well like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean pop songs featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that that that that that that so uh you know well okay is a member institution institution institution institution institution institution of the Sydney College of Divinity, well so well well well well well well well okay delivers theological studies at both undergraduate uh so so so so so so so you know well and postgraduate qualifications and prepares students students students students students students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at isolated at isolated at isolated at isolated at isolated isolated isolated isolated isolated isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in I mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay I mean their apartment, and becomes a a a a a a slave of her own paranoid so okay you know know know know know know so so fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation the coronation the coronation the coronation the the the the the the coronation the coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan like like like like like like like okay you know okay society; the president oversees this this this this this this and the would be king you know well I mean um I I I I I I mean is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog analog analog analog analog analog stick like uh I mean you know um for all all all all all all the character's bodily movements; minor movements you know know know know know know well you know you know I mean to the stick stick stick stick stick stick controlled the upper body movements, while I mean like so so so so so so okay well bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much so so so so so so um like so um - improved performance, but theoretical calculations calculations calculations calculations calculations calculations showed that the um like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh maximum amount of energy they could produce would would would would would would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver james Oliver james Oliver james Oliver james james james james james james Oliver james Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) like like like like like like well I mean well okay is an English footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for Football League Championship well you know um um um um um um uh uh side Huddersfield Town as a striker and and and and and and has represented like okay so like so England at U17, U17, U17, U17, U17, U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated operated operated operated operated operated uh I mean like um um by Southeast Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 January 1959 like like like like like like like uh so I mean it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence you you you you you you know okay uh well well would frighten the peasants but quite the the the the the the opposite was you know uh well okay I mean true true true true true true - over the next year they secretly prepared I I I I I I mean like okay I mean um for war, recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the in the in the in the the the the the the in the in the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long long long long long long - range okay um so well well rockets rockets rockets rockets rockets rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, due due due due due due you know okay uh well uh to to to to to to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it you you you you you you know I mean uh well like is located from from from from from from the Sea of Galilee at a I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from from from from from from like okay like okay okay 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized reorganized reorganized reorganized reorganized reorganized the um well like you know well lab lab lab lab lab lab as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by um um um um um um I mean uh um well the White Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs Guelphs in 1299, but he and the Black Guelphs I I I I I I mean I mean like um like returned to Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence with Charles of Valois in November well you you you you you you know um well like 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh um in the Pennsylvania state troops troops troops troops troops troops and marched with Benedict okay so um okay so so so so so so Arnold on Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - - - - - - fated you know like I mean like um attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, in 1799, in 1799, in 1799, 1799, 1799, 1799, 1799, 1799, in 1799, in 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 (1780 (1780 (1780 (1780 (1780 -- I mean you know I mean uh okay 1829, 1829, 1829, 1829, 1829, 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter Elizabeth you know uh um you know know know know know know so Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother of so so so so so so um so well like Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, so so so so so so well I mean like okay founded in 1963 in North London, London, London, London, London, London, best known for their chart okay you know I mean well well well well well well I mean - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like well these dates included included included included included included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo the Crescendo the Crescendo the Crescendo Crescendo Crescendo Crescendo Crescendo Crescendo the Crescendo the Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into into into into into into well um well uh so the CS2000 & & & & & & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says beavis says beavis says beavis says beavis says says says says says says beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus to warn I mean um you know uh okay them to to to to to to no avail, after Beavis moons the audience so um well well well well well well um like on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of supporters of supporters of supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters of supporters of supporters of the charter movement filed filed filed filed filed filed an appeal with the Contra uh so you know know know know know know well so Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term well well well well well well you know so okay so in 1881 and in 1890 1890 1890 1890 1890 1890 the Democratic - dominated state well uh well so so so so so so I mean legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most most most most most most black voters, like you know I mean um um um um um um um a situation that persisted into the 1960s until after after after after after after okay well uh um okay federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so of his desire to unite all all all all all all all Slavs um like okay so well in one Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until until until until until until well okay okay I mean um his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in 1999 in in in in in in 1999 in 1999 Little played a Star in the the the the the the ITV I mean you know um um uh comedy drama drama drama drama drama drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank so um so so so so so so so like Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September in September in September in September in in in in in in September in September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat conference um I mean like like well voted to condemn condemn condemn condemn condemn condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called for um well well well well well well um uh well UCU members to reject the the the the the the proposal and continue to engage I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) Meranie,) Meranie,) Meranie,) Meranie,) Meranie,) uh so you know I mean so was created during during during during during during the German Empire time. It is also like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk that you know you know uh so well is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at while at while at while at while while while while while while at while at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by by by by by by DJing okay okay I mean you know um um um um um um and was featured as a cover story in 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' and on I mean um you know um uh the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf the Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of so so so so so so well uh I mean I mean Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % % % % % % um you know like so well of the oil had had had had had had been contained and that the slick had you know know know know know know so I mean like like been removed from about 95 95 95 95 95 95 % of Bribie Island, uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well like sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is is is is is is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose angles whose angles whose angles whose angles angles angles angles angles angles whose angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two atwo atwo atwo atwo atwo - track track track track track track demo released in 2004 saw like I mean okay okay like like like like like like very limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from so well um um um um um um well um 2004 to 2007, Sons of Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Centauri sporadically performed well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules air molecules air molecules air molecules air air air air air air molecules air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with like like like like like like you know okay like um Mussolini, who announced that that that that that that his objective was the capture of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but but but but but but um like okay you know well withdrew from the position position position position position position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use of of of of of of this um like uh um you know method including differences differences differences differences differences differences in observations when using single I mean so like like like like like like uh uh and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the the the the the the uh like okay well um FOX series 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The O. C.' She had a six like so um so I I I I I I mean - episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in so so so so so so um well you know like the first season of of of of of of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic the Islamic the Islamic the Islamic the Islamic Islamic Islamic Islamic Islamic Islamic the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) (ISIL) (ISIL) (ISIL) (ISIL) (ISIL) and I mean I mean uh like okay other extremists tend tend tend tend tend tend to view the peacock angel well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted retirement okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know um community located mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly mainly in Sumter County, Florida, like like okay uh so United United United United United United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts so so so so so so uh uh so so Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of of of of of of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects projects projects projects projects projects and other multi-developer okay I mean like um um projects to to to to to to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- -- -- -- -- -- so um I mean so you know December 27, 1995) 1995) 1995) 1995) 1995) 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay to 315, 000 signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures signatures for the admission to the elections, uh well uh you you you you you you know well in each subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior senior senior senior senior senior um I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean squad for the first time in May 2007 for like like like like like like okay like like okay an end of season tour to to to to to to the United States and okay well so okay well made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's I I I I I I mean you know you know okay uh stronghold at at at at at at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the okay um like like like like like like you know well local defenders; after the battle's end, he he he he he he fled to Pakistan, um like okay uh uh where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of so so so so so so uh I mean um uh various types and models for for for for for for fixed - route service, you know like uh well well well well well well like and over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA um um um um um um okay like okay okay paratransit service, providing service in New New New New New New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built built built built built built during World War okay I mean um like so II II II II II II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' I I I I I I mean like so you know okay and was released released released released released released just before Christmas on the 18th okay okay like well well well well well well well December 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from from from from from from okay uh like um like iTunes UK, although although although although although although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon pigeon characterised you know uh so I mean uh by a tail composed composed composed composed composed composed of 30 to 40 okay like like okay like like like like like like feathers, abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria the uh I mean um well you know following year, year, year, year, year, year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and Classified Classified Classified Classified Classified Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the the the the the the Mongols the Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 so so so so so so so um um uh but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led he led he led he led led led led led led he led he led the team all three three three three three three years in well so well um uh scoring with 13 13 13 13 13 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and green, green, green, green, green, green, and um so well uh like for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for um I I I I I I mean you know I mean like Jessie, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building building building building building building okay um I mean um um in downtown Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of okay okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh Appeal, the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character character character character character character of okay okay I mean you know uh Salvation Army Army Army Army Army Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out so um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh to be not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into into into into into into the porch so okay I mean okay uh of of of of of of the present church, and the church is famous for I I I I I I mean uh I mean you know well being one of of of of of of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the above above above above above above I mean well like okay so list, but one source source source source source source estimates the population at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based based based based based based um like you know you know um on agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture and fishing, with wheat and barley um um so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay widely grown; however, this requires huge inputs in in in in in in fertilisers because okay okay okay I mean uh of of of of of of the sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space space space space space space - so well well I mean okay based experiment to to to to to to test the theory of general relativity, uh I mean like like like like like like okay like performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was was was was was was um okay okay uh like headlined in newspapers across the United States, States, States, States, States, States, as for I mean okay you know you know okay example on on on on on on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily okay well well well well well well you know you know um Republican' of of of of of of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album an album an album an album an album an an an an an an album of the same name was also released following the like like like like like like um okay so you know song's success, which was was was was was was also quite successful as was okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play play play play play play you know so um um you know home games games games games games games at the Gordon Field House on um well like like like like like like so you know the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held held held held held held like um uh uh like off from eating of of of of of of the boy's body and brought Pelops um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean like back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could uh so so so so so so you know uh well have lead if they got married, married, married, married, married, married, however the realism influence okay okay you know well like on on on on on on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose uh um um I mean you know of playing playing playing playing playing playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, 'because so okay well okay okay it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age of of of of of of eleven you know you know well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean at the National Ballet School of Canada, for seven seven seven seven seven seven years I mean so I mean well so and and and and and and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered uh well well well well well well well I mean like the box in their late grandfather's attic attic attic attic attic attic and brought it you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um to the attention of a local reporter, whose TV TV TV TV TV TV news uh well so like you know report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted he platted he platted he platted he platted he he he he he he platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation reincarnation reincarnation reincarnation reincarnation reincarnation is so so I mean um well a traditional Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry this uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to to to to to to uh you know like so so suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his his his his his his talent okay well um um um led to rapid rapid rapid rapid rapid rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, so so so so so so well you know like uh representing the seat of Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome Frome in the South Australian House of uh you know you you you you you you know well so Assembly as an Independent, after a shock shock shock shock shock shock win at the okay uh so I mean like like like like like like 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit within so I mean well like uh Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds succeeds succeeds succeeds succeeds succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, fresno County, fresno County, fresno fresno fresno fresno fresno fresno County, fresno County, fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is is is is is is a uh uh you know well I mean county located located located located located located in the Central Valley of the U um I I I I I I mean like uh uh. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus hiatus hiatus hiatus hiatus hiatus uh okay like okay you know of 'Bear in in in in in in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under under under under under under like I mean okay you know well the leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus Chorus Chorus Chorus Chorus Chorus uh um um uh well Paulinus recorded in the United States States States States States States compposed of um I mean okay so I mean choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid uh like like like like like like so okay well - gee' ) was a program program program program program program devised by well you know um like okay the CIA CIA CIA CIA CIA CIA in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph hamilton hamilton hamilton hamilton hamilton hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 1918 - June 24, 1973) okay okay uh um I I I I I I mean was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several several several several several several more you know I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a creator creator creator creator creator creator well uh okay like you know. Philadelphia for a a a a a a few more years, teaching and you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against against against against against against Toni uh so well like um Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once once once once once once well like so um uh the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue issue issue issue issue issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and and and and and and sadly the rest I mean well um well okay of the the the the the the house became little more than a ruin - you know know know know know know um um I mean okay until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley Bayley Bayley Bayley Bayley Bayley (the present owner) bought you know so like so like Plas Plas Plas Plas Plas Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' the 'Yamasee' the 'Yamasee' the 'Yamasee' the the the the the the 'Yamasee' the 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Port Port Port Port Port Royal area around 1685 you know uh well okay well well well well well well were in part a reunification of the old La La La La La La Tama you know you know okay you know you know know know know know know chiefdom, but they also had a large population of Guale Indians, Indians, Indians, Indians, Indians, Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until um um um um um um uh so like okay June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches caches caches caches caches caches like okay you know so I mean struck, resulting in in in in in in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and POL you know know know know know know uh uh well okay. Vang Pao now regained the the the the the the confidence in air power okay okay uh I mean I I I I I I mean that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the under the under the under the under the the the the the the under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands Neerlands Neerlands Neerlands Neerlands Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently he currently he currently he currently he he he he he he currently he currently is Writer - in - Residence you you you you you you know well you know you know so at at at at at at Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J you know so so so so so so okay like so. Where he teaches journalism and lectures on on on on on on foreign news well like uh uh so coverage, while while while while while while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki uh like like like like like like like you know so Rua Theatre (formerly The Depot) Depot) Depot) Depot) Depot) Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural I mean okay you know know know know know know well so works and saw the emergence of award winning winning winning winning winning winning Maori uh so so you know so theatre particularly in the the the the the the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also also also also also also uh I mean so so uh possesses the Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh to crush Shun (literally), Ryu steps steps steps steps steps steps in to stop um you know um well okay okay okay okay okay okay the fight, the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired retired retired retired retired retired you know well uh uh okay ice hockey player player player player player player who played in the National Hockey League you know well well well well well well okay uh you know with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica uh well well well well well well like so you know made a huge financial investment investment investment investment investment investment in an effort to win you know like like like like like like like like I mean another European Cup, reaching two European Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, well so I mean well well and she performed her her her her her her first scenes admirably, Then, much to her well well well well well well so well uh well surprise, her mother and aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt Rosine appeared in the audience, and you know um um um um um um um like like Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late late late late late late to like well you know okay you know avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 like like like like like like uh like well okay in the early 1990s, where he he he he he he did his formal uh like so you know uh training training training training training training at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance like you you you you you you know well uh so in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two um uh I I I I I I mean well I mean nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the group well well well well well well you know I mean um um prepares to spend the the the the the the night; however, they quickly find there okay uh I I I I I I mean well so is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section uh I I I I I I mean uh so you know of Portland; master control control control control control control operations for both KPTV and KPDX are located located located located located located uh well okay okay you know at Meredith's West Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from from from from from from the like you know um like well inside inside inside inside inside inside to the outside of the body, the like uh I I I I I I mean like um back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', um um um um um um well okay I mean well Turkey ) ) ) ) ) ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness brightness brightness brightness brightness brightness (LSB) uh like so I mean you know know know know know know disk galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies galaxies galaxies galaxies galaxies galaxies currently I mean like so well I mean known, at at at at at at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented I I I I I I mean well okay so I mean the diamond industry industry industry industry industry industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and um well like uh uh uh uh uh uh so became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for uh I I I I I I mean uh you know you know the Galaxy formed after a a a a a a loss in the 2001 MLS Cup, well um like so okay okay okay okay okay okay when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged a a a a a a group of I mean so so well I I I I I I mean Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy the energy the energy the energy the the the the the the energy the energy of the falling water entrains the air uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like uh into the water; the the the the the the air is compressed so I mean okay so so by by by by by by surrounding water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese I I I I I I mean uh like like so military said that the conclusion conclusion conclusion conclusion conclusion conclusion can be known you know I mean I mean like like like like like like okay to Shinozaki himself, and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands brands brands brands brands brands like so you know I mean you know like's like's like's like's like's like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she she she she she she becomes she becomes very torn later in the story because uh uh uh uh uh uh well like like uh her grandmother is dying dying dying dying dying dying and she feels like she um like I mean like like like like like like okay is killing her because the fairy godmother finally finally finally finally finally finally okay like you know okay okay found a replacement and now now now now now now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, 216 216 216 216 216 216 um I mean well okay you know in in in in in in 2010; 85. 3 % 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% of the total population) you know like um um um um um um so um or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now the dominant dominant dominant dominant dominant dominant like um um like um cultural force; a a a a a a number of its members were influenced by so okay okay um well well well well well well political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer I mean like like like like like like like so like Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial I mean I I I I I I mean you know so I mean manufacturing and services were crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded out and became non-competitive on world um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church so you you you you you you know okay uh so of St Bartholomew this this this this this this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from you you you you you you know uh okay like okay Louisville, Kentucky, where the film was was was was was was shot, including star I mean so well um um um um um um you know Sean O'Bryan, who attended St. Xavier High High High High High High School, and Maggie well I mean you know so well well well well well well Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Carol J. Carol J. Carol J. Carol J. Carol Carol Carol Carol Carol Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a you know know know know know know like you know okay okay candidate to become mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall um like like like like like like so you know you know increased and this this this this this this particular escape route became less and less um um so so so so so so uh you know important, other means of leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving the GDR were used more okay like like so so so so so so so often, for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, Vittoria, Vittoria, Vittoria, Vittoria, Vittoria, which was uh um so well uh celebrated on on on on on on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to to to to to to well I mean um well uh Portland, where captain captain captain captain captain captain Morée requested the ship um well like you know I I I I I I mean drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with together with together with together with together together together together together together with together with James, she compiled crosswords for several several several several several several newspapers and magazines, so I mean uh like you know including including including including including including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of of of of of of two LGBT uh like like so okay members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the elsie the elsie the elsie the elsie the the the the the the elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that that that that that that has been like like you know you know so used as the the the the the the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft SQL SQL SQL SQL SQL SQL well you know uh well I mean Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, however, however, however, however, however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said idolator said said said said said said idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning transitioning transitioning transitioning transitioning transitioning so okay you know okay uh into the the the the the the next track, a Phil Collins cover so like like like like like like uh um so from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, design, design, design, design, design, you know uh you know um uh the nuclear salt salt salt salt salt salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and and and and and and you know okay uh um so is named after after after after after after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary although evolutionary although evolutionary although evolutionary although evolutionary evolutionary evolutionary evolutionary evolutionary evolutionary although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of so so so so so so uh so okay so zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and and and and and and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached um um um um um um so so like so a career high of world no no no no no no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon capture capture capture capture capture capture like um like so um that removes carbon dioxide from from from from from from ambient air, as opposed you know um so so so so so so okay you know to removing CO 2 from the the the the the the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs ARMs ARMs ARMs ARMs ARMs option ARMs option ARMs are popular because they are usually usually usually usually usually usually offered like I mean you know so so with a a a a a a very low initial interest rate ( a like okay you you you you you you know I mean you know so - called 'teaser 'teaser 'teaser 'teaser 'teaser 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum you know well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often he often he often he often he often often often often often often he often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 in 1933 in 1933 in 1933 in in in in in in 1933 in 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo Shuo Shuo Shuo Shuo Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He He He He He He Jin but the conspiracy was I mean like like like like like like uh you know um discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh so 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival festival festival festival festival festival so uh okay uh so of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars and and and and and and teachers: laws you know so you know okay like like like like like like issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando II obliged um um um um um um I mean well so um those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of both both both both both both you know so so okay um Traditional and Inline Inline Inline Inline Inline Inline designs, and sell a great number of like uh uh uh uh uh uh so so you know percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of of of of of of 1990 as so I mean well okay okay the the the the the the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade 2 Black Black Black Black Black Black uh well so so so - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after the caudal caudal caudal caudal caudal caudal um you know I mean like well vertebrae start start start start start start to curl, leaving enough tail to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of of of of of of light for I mean well so okay like defence, defence, defence, defence, defence, defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force Force Force Force Force Force was formed like you know so well okay from cadre cadre cadre cadre cadre cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it consisted of of of of of of um um so um well only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) 2006) 2006) 2006) 2006) 2006) so you know you know like well was an an an an an an English children's author born in 1920 and I I I I I I mean okay uh um okay brought up in the the the the the the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in in in in in in so okay I mean uh okay the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis uh uh uh uh uh uh um so uh um Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) Hospital) Hospital) Hospital) Hospital) Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University well well you know know know know know know uh so in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site the site the site the site the site site site site site site the site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know I mean of history history history history history history and the first recorded mention of the I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city I I I I I I mean okay um uh I mean of San Diego, California, California, California, California, California, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in well um um um um um um so you know uh 1987 as the southern southern southern southern southern southern terminus of the DLR's initial like well okay like like like like like like so system, and was an elevated terminal station with with with with with with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men men men men men men okay okay I mean okay so by June 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, and the French had began to report well okay well well well well well well well uh that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned like like like like like like so I mean um so to live performing in Spring 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 with original lead vocalist so I mean um um um um um um uh uh Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of most of most of most of most of of of of of of most of these errors have been fixed in a a a a a a new I mean uh like I mean like enhanced version version version version version version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and like like like like like like you know um okay so PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, the Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, the Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse collapse I mean I mean okay you know you you you you you you know as a result of the war, is I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay uh undermanned and struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles struggles to protect the villages, and if the tribes so well well well well well well well you know okay were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant getting constant getting constant getting constant getting constant constant constant constant constant constant getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems systems systems systems systems systems like okay I mean you know uh relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became he became he became he became became became became became became he became he became the children's editor for the the the the the the 'News Chronicle', and well okay okay I mean so so so so so so from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to to to to to to well you know well you know um reveal their their their their their their location to Johnny, believing that the robot would would would would would would I mean so okay well um become over-excited; but but but but but but when Fred reveals their location, the robot so so so so so so well you know like you know leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript transcript transcript transcript transcript transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of of of of of of Frederick W so uh uh I mean I mean. Lander, Lander, Lander, Lander, Lander, Lander, a land surveyor for the U. S. Government, Government, Government, Government, Government, Government, I mean um well I mean you know and returned to to to to to to a studio he had taken at uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay I mean the Tenth Street Street Street Street Street Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold um so um um um um um um well well for an action potential, and so the well well well well well well like well okay um spike is typically crowned by a a a a a a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that that that that that that includes I mean well uh well well the construction of of of of of of four new stations in Boston, while work so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is is is is is is I mean I mean uh like uh in in in in in in love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like like was born sometime in 1896 1896 1896 1896 1896 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small so like you know so like like like like like like village in the Ukraine, which has now morphed morphed morphed morphed morphed morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is he is he is he is is is is is is he is he is well known for his unequivocal position position position position position position to fight homosexuality in like like like uh um um um um um um all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in you you you you you you know um so okay you know the 2005 National League League League League League League Championship Series, with the winner uh um um I I I I I I mean uh of that series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were were were were were were doing uh well you know so uh enough, so they they they they they they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in born in born in born in born born born born born born in born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated from Dalhousie University um okay so I mean okay with two two two two two two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, 1987, the '88 I mean um okay um uh corps was was was was was was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside well okay I I I I I I mean you know okay the Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' like like like like like like so I mean uh well (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', you know know know know know know so like like like though a single line hinted hinted hinted hinted hinted hinted at such a conclusion: you know um like you you you you you you know uh 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of of of of of of the longest like okay like I mean well - running running running running running running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language language language language language language well um I mean you know I mean in in in in in in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um um on to compare the album to to to to to to the work of I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this this this this this this village I mean okay you know I I I I I I mean uh near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some some some some some some extent you like well I mean uh you know know know know know know can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM 1FM frequency was originally home to um you know like like like like like like uh like KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the the the the the the uh I mean uh so you know United States Attorney Attorney Attorney Attorney Attorney Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, uh um you you you you you you know uh well won a 23 - count indictment indictment indictment indictment indictment indictment charging Fata with health um so uh I mean uh care care care care care care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars houston Cougars houston Cougars houston Cougars houston houston houston houston houston houston Cougars houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team to okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so uh score 100 points against another another another another another another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only only only only only only Division um well well okay you know I team team team team team team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - - - - - - okay um you know well uh call from from from from from from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of you know so so so so so so so um okay the Guardians of the Galaxy on on on on on on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant plant plant plant plant plant you know you know well well you know know know know know know alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well well well well well well - to - well you know um okay well well well well well well do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name name name name name name was um I mean like uh I mean Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of of of of of of freshwater characins well um well okay okay found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian the Ghanaian the Ghanaian the Ghanaian the Ghanaian the Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB uh like um um um um um um uh um Stuttgart in the German second tier league league league league league league during the well uh well well um January transfer window window window window window window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks so you you you you you you know I mean like so are now followers of of of of of of Islam, there are many Tanks like like like so so so so so so so still existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url url url url url url parameter well I mean okay uh well therefore the the the the the the use of the asin parameter and any okay you you you you you you know like uh uh use of the the the the the the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, the football, the football, the football, the football, football, football, football, football, football, the football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & you know know know know know know well um I mean so field teams play play play play play play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the you know well you you you you you you know like uh basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so um it is almost the same same same same same same size as HIP 110703, okay well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh but don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the so so so so so so okay like okay well Virginia legislature, then moved to to to to to to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became like okay like uh you you you you you you know a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the the the the the the United States Army uh okay okay um okay under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, in 2001, in 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to to to to to to run 96 more like so like like like episodes and and and and and and air the original Dragonball anime and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday um like um I mean like 10th February February February February February February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um like 1988 - 1994, he has since since since since since since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened opened opened opened opened opened its like uh so okay so doors to its its its its its its first batch of students pursuing um so uh you you you you you you know um Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business Business Business Business Business Business. The well I mean um so uh University University University University University University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered altered altered altered altered altered states of you know um you know okay you know know know know know know consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, frequently rehearsingthrough okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know I mean the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, and well I mean you know um well well well well well well rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January January January January January January 16, 1979 uh so well okay okay as the last Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian Persian monarch and in the resulting power vacuum like I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um well two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are they are they are they are they they they they they they are they are famous in humour And satirist poetry and and and and and and articles. The um okay I mean um well Name Name Name Name Name Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, um um um um um um uh you know I mean uh called the the the the the the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, at Derby, at Derby, at Derby, at Derby, Derby, Derby, Derby, Derby, Derby, at Derby, he spent a bit more than one you know know know know know know uh well uh um season a half helping to keep the the the the the the club in the Championship uh okay uh um well with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and and and and and and 5th Baron West okay okay uh well well KB KG KG KG KG KG KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) was okay well well well well well well well um um the oldest son of Richard West, West, West, West, West, West, 7th Baron De La Warr you know I I I I I I mean so so well and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community community community community community community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners miners miners miners miners miners were trickling okay um you know okay okay in in in in in in on rumours of gold, driving a population increase increase increase increase increase increase justifying the um you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh setting up of a police force, just in in in in in in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, politician, politician, politician, politician, politician, um you know so like I mean has been a National National National National National National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 in you know you know like so like Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New so okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL (LL (LL (LL (LL (LL you know okay like so so. M.) program with concentrations concentrations concentrations concentrations concentrations concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests the crests the crests the crests crests crests crests crests crests the crests the crests may also be positioned in a a a a a a uh like uh uh well key item called Solomon's Solomon's Solomon's Solomon's Solomon's Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Presbyterian Church of I mean like like uh well well well well well well Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his um um so so so so so so you know you know work, there is a a a a a a strong suggestion that he closely you know um uh um I I I I I I mean identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March like um um um um um um well like like 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known known known known known known as Yves - um so well uh well Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, white JG, white JG, white JG, white white white white white white JG, white JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his I I I I I I mean uh so uh so way to Valladolid, in the the the the the the village of Cabezón, he met so um uh well I I I I I I mean a resistance of about 7, 000 men under under under under under under General uh you know well well you know Cuesta, deployed deployed deployed deployed deployed deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced a you know uh like uh okay period of of of of of of strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, like like well well well well well well okay you know by 2012, growth slowed down down down down down down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at educated at educated at educated at educated at at at at at at educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in in in in in in Sendling I mean well so well you know - - - - - - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the Imperial so so so so so so so so uh well German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in in in in in in Savannah, uh um uh I mean um Georgia) is is is is is is a United States novelist and short story uh okay you you you you you you know you know you know writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those those those those those those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres uh like um you know I mean (1. 5 million million million million million million sq mi), over one - um uh like I I I I I I mean you know third the area of Canada nd nd nd nd nd nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days well well well well well well so uh like I mean in Hell,' Samberg and his his his his his his crew looked for a sport so okay so you know uh that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species species species species species species of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, Chhattisgarh, well okay okay so okay serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the with the with the with the with the with with with with with with the construction of the Turnpike in the uh so so so so so so um I mean well mid- 1950s most of the the the the the the surrounding water was filled in, well okay you know well well well well well well so so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the the the the the the like okay well um like Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Department Department Department Department Department stated that one I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um suspect, a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later later later later later later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties like so so so so so so so uh okay that make them advantageous for different applications when when when when when when um uh like you know like bound to a a a a a a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe rachel Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe Zoe rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um I mean as Rachel Zoe, is is is is is is an American fashion stylist best known well uh um so so so so so so you know for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known known known known known known okay uh okay okay so as heptanyl acetate and and and and and and acetate C - 7, is um um uh you you you you you you know well a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used used used used used used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in in in in in in okay you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays plays plays plays plays plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below um um um um um um you know um like you know a certain temperature, as there there there there there there was a risk of the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue flue flue flue flue flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing the closing the closing the closing the the the the the the closing the closing years of his life were were were were were were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes votes votes votes votes votes cast, you know you know I mean you know know know know know know I mean followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, 32 32 32 32 32 32 %, 32 %, 32 %, 32 %, 32 %, independent independent independent independent independent independent candidates like uh I mean you know uh received 13 13 13 13 13 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % 95 % 95 95 95 95 95 95 % 95 % 95 % 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a a a a a a mesaxonic I mean so so um well foot structure structure structure structure structure structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the okay like like like like like like so so I mean foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on there on there on there on there there there there there there on there on the Bhirr they found some old coins coins coins coins coins coins with uh okay well um um the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on on on on on on it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well as well as well as well as as as as as as well as well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots dots dots dots dots dots (QDs) okay so um okay you know can emit single single single single single single photons and can be constructed from um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as as as as as as Jigging I mean so so okay well is thought thought thought thought thought thought to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, and and and and and and you know um uh um um locking are some of of of of of of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric fabric fabric fabric fabric fabric prints um okay okay you know so based on her her her her her her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like in 1992, at the Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani Bhiwani you know um okay I mean you know railway railway railway railway railway railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of railway track track track track track track you know um so I mean like is in progress progress progress progress progress progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like most of the duties of the the the the the the Lord Chancellor that relate so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will will will will will will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized I mean uh like well you know with the rest rest rest rest rest rest of his family, but he has started to uh you you you you you you know so um uh hang out with a bad crowd and and and and and and ultimately participates in uh I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy when Andy when Andy when Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy when Andy when Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, series, series, series, series, series, most of the so so I mean uh okay supporting characters characters characters characters characters characters returned for the new program, which like you know know know know know know you know um well ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of of of of of of like well okay like like Risenga Evans Baloyi Baloyi Baloyi Baloyi Baloyi Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera opera opera opera opera opera composer, who um I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal her Federal her Federal her Federal her her her her her her Federal her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September September September September September September you know um so um so 1996 she was convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of of of of of of um um I mean like I mean 'slave castles', fortifications in in in in in in Ghana built by Swedish traders, so um um well you you you you you you know originally for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group the group the group the group the group group group group group group the group decided to continue as a trio for recording recording recording recording recording recording like I mean okay like uh with Tony Banks on keyboards keyboards keyboards keyboards keyboards keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um the guitar and bass guitar in the studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, although the line well like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to according to according to according to according according according according according according to according to its Terms of Service, Google Health is is is is is is not I mean I mean okay okay so considered a a a a a a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Portability well well well well well well well okay so so and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he he was he was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in well well well well well well um okay okay uh 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first first first first first first Voter ID Clinic you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green like like like like like like like I mean so okay mountain country in front of of of of of of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of India um well I I I I I I mean okay like in the Pithoragarh district means herd herd herd herd herd herd of cows you know I mean okay you know know know know know know okay. Well linked well linked well linked well linked well well well well well well linked well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used used used used used used uh like uh you know uh the facilities for their their their their their their summer practice and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height height height height height height and it like well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on on on on on on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between between between between between between the um so um you know well municipalities of of of of of of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs his jobs his jobs his jobs his his his his his his jobs his jobs in his teenage years included included included included included included being an ice - you know like like like like like like um you know you know cream salesman and a a a a a a night - club bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 (2 (2 (2 (2 (2 well well I mean um like February 1933 - - - - - - 4 July 2009) was the son of George uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean so Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled having settled having settled having settled having having having having having having settled having settled in the region west of the the the the the the um um like you know okay Black Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea in the 3rd century AD, the Goths you know so so so so so so I mean like uh soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of I mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay well um Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was was was was was was a columnist for 'The Times' and 'The uh you you you you you you know well so well Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true true true true true true well so so um I mean experience of actor actor actor actor actor actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned at Ellis Island Island Island Island Island Island um like like like um during the day's of of of of of of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left he left he left he left he left left left left left left he left the United States in 1913 and headed to to to to to to Belgium, you know I mean uh okay um where he he he he he he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh well structure: several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy corrour Bothy corrour Bothy corrour Bothy corrour Bothy Bothy Bothy Bothy Bothy Bothy corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying I mean okay okay well um events for for for for for for The Open Championship; the leading three players I mean you know know know know know know uh like well who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May May May May May May 7, 1986, so uh so uh um having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double double double double double double okay well like um like for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with with with with with with you know you know so um like some taller vegetation, such such such such such such as taiga bogs in well you know okay like like like like like like I mean the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) who like I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well Pataliputra but getting the news news news news news news of the triumph um I mean well so um of of of of of of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog catalog catalog catalog catalog catalog what I mean um you know like like like like like like uh existed in Brazil at the time of the conquest, conquest, conquest, conquest, conquest, conquest, like well well um okay including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited invited invited invited invited invited by Don you know okay well I mean so so so so so so Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive executive executive executive executive executive VP well like okay um uh of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went went went went went went you know so okay okay well out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Maurice Maurice Maurice Maurice Maurice Tripp uh so um well you know also attended, attended, attended, attended, attended, attended, and all three men would more than 20 um um um um um um um I mean so uh years later play a key key key key key key role in helping Bánáthy okay well so okay I mean build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any any any any any any unit that you know I mean so like like manages manages manages manages manages manages to get close to them can take them out so well well well well well well I mean I mean okay very easily, the units that that that that that that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third you know know know know know know you know okay I mean well stint as a a a a a a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular aparticular aparticular aparticular aparticular aparticular concern is the the the the the the treatment of Muslim so okay you know um I mean women, women, women, women, women, women, who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of two two two two two two I mean like well okay well councillors to opt out of of of of of of retroactive salary increases that council well um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the the the the the the you know you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously he previously he previously he previously he previously he he he he he he previously served as president of the church's Brazil São you you you you you you know okay okay okay I mean Paulo South Mission (2011 to to to to to to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served served served served served served so you know like okay like as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about 350 350 350 350 350 350 uh uh so you know you know species of woody woody woody woody woody woody plants in the Antarctic flora, native okay um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal federal federal federal federal federal parliament I mean like I mean so so of Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the the the the the the second round well like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean of the elections to the Council of States will will will will will will be so well like you know uh held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took well well well well well well so well like well up the campaign against the truck truck truck truck truck truck system, by which employees uh I mean like you you you you you you know like were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost almost almost almost almost almost so I mean like okay so humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, muggers, muggers, muggers, muggers, muggers, Johnnie I mean so so well um Red denies it it it it it it at first, but later he you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay like like tells them he did have it but but but but but but gave okay so so like well it to a a a a a a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be be be be be be a dancer, you know I mean well like well well well well well well although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 rfa 501 rfa 501 rfa 501 rfa 501 rfa rfa rfa rfa rfa rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four aircraft I I I I I I mean like um I mean I mean reached England, one carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying a bomb which, aimed at Victoria well so so so so so so so um I mean station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was cook was cook was cook was cook was was was was was was cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and and and and and and received two Bachelor's well um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over you you you you you you know um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Zahida Zahida Zahida Zahida Zahida Baqai so um uh um well were medical practitioners and and and and and and surgeons who had been educated in Pakistan uh um you you you you you you know uh okay and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the the the the the the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor his successor his successor his successor his successor successor successor successor successor successor his successor Les Sutton failed to win a single single single single single single well so uh so uh League game; although the the the the the the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it I I I I I I mean like well like okay is ranked 8 th overall in South South South South South South Korea, uh well like I mean um 7 th in reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, 7 th in papers published on uh you know um um um um um um like okay SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks Bayhawks Bayhawks Bayhawks Bayhawks Bayhawks roster in 2006 okay so you know I mean well where where where where where where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists um you you you you you you know okay uh um in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually well uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well became apparent for a community of believers, believers, believers, believers, believers, believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular popular popular popular popular popular well I mean okay um um beginner surfing spots spots spots spots spots spots in the San Francisco area, okay I mean I I I I I I mean so well among surfers is frequently known as as as as as as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests well well well well well well so so um you know for a variety show program, 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love Letter', from 2004 to I mean like I mean so well well well well well well 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father her father her father her father her father father father father father father her father died when she was only two months old, old, old, old, old, old, well um I mean like okay forcing her mother mother mother mother mother mother to move to California to find work, like um um um um um um you know um uh where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 on 11 on 11 on 11 11 11 11 11 11 on 11 on 11 May, Colin discharged himself from from from from from from hospital, Jason I mean like um well um um um um um um and Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know vowed never to speak speak speak speak speak speak to her father again and okay um like like like like like like um well didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent on okay um um um um um um so uh so agriculture and fishing however, a a a a a a growing industry in machinery and uh well um um um um um um so I mean tourism has contributed well to the city's city's city's city's city's city's annual you know uh you know um you you you you you you know income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England in in in in in in you know well well well so international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of of of of of of its so so I mean okay I mean kind kind kind kind kind kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married mumtaz married mumtaz married mumtaz married mumtaz married married married married married married mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with like like like like like like I mean um okay you know the notoriously dangerous mining industry, industry, industry, industry, industry, industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay so sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after after after after after after Pres. Thomas well well like like I mean Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean okay and served from 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a like um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the you you you you you you know okay um I mean like 325 but was bored out out out out out out to yield greater displacement and utilized like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay well the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve to achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors donors donors donors donors donors to I mean so um um you know understand the the the the the the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments and screen screen screen screen screen screen you know uh like I mean well nonprofits and the the the the the the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as you you you you you you know uh I mean uh um alternative metal, experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is is is is is is an you know okay so so uh unidentified, extinct extinct extinct extinct extinct extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which like uh um so so so so so so uh remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, Paul um like well well you know (Sean Gallagher), Gallagher), Gallagher), Gallagher), Gallagher), Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that she is you know know know know know know um well um like an escort but keeps quiet after after after after after after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP so so so so so so okay so um I mean Image Award for Best Jazz Jazz Jazz Jazz Jazz Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen uh well okay so like like like like like like & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The The The The The The 10th you know okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by by by by by by a uh you know like um so Royal Charter in in in in in in 1662, but the major outline uh you know so so so so so so you know well of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh like Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from from from from from from you know like um I mean you know 1994 to to to to to to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, and and and and and and well so um like okay served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined he joined he joined he joined he joined joined joined joined joined joined he joined the army to further his education in in in in in in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also also also also also also uh uh well well you know known as Parsons Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological School) was an American horological school in I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well I mean La Porte, Indiana, which which which which which which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) is is is is is is a uh uh um okay okay former Czech football player, player, player, player, player, player, he is a Holding okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay um well midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition you you you you you you know like uh like like Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political the political the political the political the political political political political political political the political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while while while while while while like well uh you know I mean that of of of of of of the nobility and military establishment waned, even though they they they they they they so uh uh like like had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − I mean so so so so so so I mean uh well 2 loss at C C C C C C. D. Aves, he was sent off in like okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean the 71st minute for for for for for for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 over 57 over 57 over 57 over 57 over 57 57 57 57 57 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the NRHV NRHV NRHV NRHV NRHV NRHV are you know um well uh okay either privately privately privately privately privately privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable you know so so so so so so um um uh trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one okay you you you you you you know I mean so uh of the first Army Army Army Army Army Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as however, as however, as however, as however, however, however, however, however, however, as however, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and and and and and and the like you know uh so well prosecutors were building building building building building building their case, a number of key you know well I I I I I I mean like um witnesses turned up dead and and and and and and due to the well um you know um so lack lack lack lack lack lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik Malik Malik Malik Malik Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June June June June June June 20, 1983) is okay uh okay well so an American professional basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs well uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to unable to unable to unable to to to to to to unable to unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his his his his his his uh okay well um I mean right hand useless useless useless useless useless useless from the paralysis, Avery with his left like like um um um um um um so uh hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, well well well well well well uh uh okay well tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly 317 times times times times times times uh okay like um well per second, corresponding to a a a a a a period of 3 um um so uh well. 15 15 15 15 15 15 milliseconds, 15 milliseconds, 15 milliseconds, 15 milliseconds, 15 milliseconds, 15 15 15 15 15 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, okay like like like you know emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' so I I I I I I mean well uh like and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an an an an an an independent, Anglican, day um you know okay um well school school school school school school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author the author the author the author the the the the the the author the author of the play was Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy Wuletich, Gary - uh I mean well okay so born, born, born, born, born, born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he was okay like well well well well well well uh like living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters letters letters letters letters letters of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, so you you you you you you know well um okay some believe were designed in in in in in in the likeness of their you know so like like like like like like okay so purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could could could could could could be like I mean well uh like solved in in in in in in isolation, and was mistaken because he had failed so you you you you you you know so like I mean to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room um um um um um um well you know um I mean in Plymouth and and and and and and spent four days in hospital in um you know know know know know know you know I mean okay hospital but he was discharged discharged discharged discharged discharged discharged after recovering but died on like um like um well 6 6 6 6 6 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate the estate the estate the estate the the the the the the estate the estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to to to to to to the Abbey of well well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies so so so so so so um uh um okay and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was miranda was was was was was was miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and and and and and and grew I mean like okay uh uh up in New New New New New New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the you know know know know know know you know you know you know okay color of of of of of of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was so you you you you you you know okay okay well making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave leave leave leave leave leave the Minneapolis area to okay like okay well okay join a wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling tour in Japan and have another so uh so well well well well well well like outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, gallery, gallery, gallery, gallery, gallery, Galleri uh so you know okay um Rom in in in in in in 1986 and apart from being a member okay uh so like like like like like like like of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof the proof the proof the proof the proof proof proof proof proof proof the proof of the upward part of of of of of of the theorem also uh um you know so okay shows shows shows shows shows shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models I I I I I I mean so well well you know must have an infinite infinite infinite infinite infinite infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay refer to the teachings of of of of of of Rev. Branham; however, this term is okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh well so disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill per Bill per Bill per Bill per Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - - - - - - 2003, you know so like so so so so so so so as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Support Project of the well um um so like World World World World World World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse of okay I I I I I I mean I mean like well the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when like okay um um um um um um uh uh the SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise, surprise, the well uh um so okay SS stormed the the the the the the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the the the the the the company like um okay like um is noted for its its its its its its historic role in Italy's motorcycling you know um well well well well well well so I mean manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle racing, and industry um so I mean okay okay innovations innovations innovations innovations innovations innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album album album album album album um okay so uh you know 'A Meeting by the the the the the the River' with Ry Cooder, as well like so well well well well well well you know well as other fusion and pan-cultural pan-cultural pan-cultural pan-cultural pan-cultural pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an an an an an an so you know um like I mean eight - page monthly, monthly, monthly, monthly, monthly, monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and and and and and and actor, uh like so I mean you know with with with with with with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of the the the the the the so well I mean so okay Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around I I I I I I mean you know you know uh so acting, so so so so so so you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, sector, sector, sector, sector, sector, uh like like you know uh the Canon FT QL, QL, QL, QL, QL, QL, which was developed to combat I mean um well uh you you you you you you know the growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought mahmud fought mahmud fought mahmud fought mahmud fought fought fought fought fought fought mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so to the south Dante's Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno Inferno making the ruler of Dante's Inferno, like well well like like like like like like like Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two two two two two two I mean so um well you know islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal normal normal normal normal normal I mean well okay so I mean diet; wild wild wild wild wild wild and feral dogs can usually get all the I I I I I I mean okay well uh so nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M okay uh uh you you you you you you know you know. M. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) (2015) (2015) (2015) (2015) (2015) They (2015) They (2015) They (2015) They (2015) They (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon croatia soon soon soon soon soon soon croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the the the the the the tournament, but um so so like um suffered an exit in in in in in in the quarter - finals against um I mean I I I I I I mean well okay Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental so like well well well well well well you know you know public body created by by by by by by the UK Government in response okay I mean um you you you you you you know I mean to the inquiry headed by Sir Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Bichard that I mean um you know you know uh was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate so you you you you you you know you know so I mean Athletic Association, a a a a a a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well like principal guide from the older older older older older older Kate Middlemass in the you know um I mean so so so so so so okay early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does um um okay well well well well well well uh not include a separate operating system, instead it it it it it it so like you know well so relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the indeed, the indeed, the indeed, the indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, indeed, the indeed, the country, as well as most countries countries countries countries countries countries in the so um uh okay like Americas, subscribes subscribes subscribes subscribes subscribes subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box box box box box box office so so I mean I mean I I I I I I mean banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has has has has has has like I mean okay you know I mean multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious like like I I I I I I mean so like when he is not called up; up; up; up; up; up; learning that Turkish so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in like like like like like like well so like well odd - numbered frames, inside the the the the the the super frame, and consists of like so okay well um um um um um um alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in in in in in in Delhi I mean uh I mean um okay for 18 18 18 18 18 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area of of of of of of well you know like so I mean the Honourable Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at okay uh I mean so so so so so so like North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst okay so like okay okay shortly after her death a a a a a a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Democratic I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you know like party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, and okay well like I mean you know subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat well um okay uh uh of the German 'Kriegsmarine', 'Kriegsmarine', 'Kriegsmarine', 'Kriegsmarine', 'Kriegsmarine', 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his upon his upon his upon his upon his his his his his his upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the so so so so so so okay uh um okay Hamburg Opera where in two years years years years years years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the the the the the the Red Sox like like like you know well sold sold sold sold sold sold out every home game (794 regular season games, 820 you you you you you you know okay I mean you know uh including post-season gagems); gagems); gagems); gagems); gagems); gagems); in 2008, the park sold out its 456th consecutive Red Red Red Red Red Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders spiders spiders spiders spiders spiders in well like like okay well Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried he tried he tried he tried he tried he he he he he he tried to meet her, but it was forbidden I I I I I I mean uh well you know you know because because because because because because she was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, you you you you you you know um okay you know like and the parish council council council council council council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so you know Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has he has he has he has he has has has has has has he has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, Tour, Tour, Tour, Tour, Tour, I mean you know I mean I mean uh where where where where where where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory territory territory territory territory territory um you know you know like well until until until until until until the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's government's government's government's government's government's okay okay um I mean so desire to to to to to to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played he played he played he played he played he he he he he he played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' (1981) (1981) (1981) (1981) (1981) (1981) like um well I mean um with Jan - Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; um well uh uh um then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who who who who who who has so um well so um worked for Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton greaves Cotton greaves Cotton greaves Cotton greaves greaves greaves greaves greaves greaves Cotton greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and you you you you you you know um you know well I mean registered in in in in in in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with with with with with with shares so okay um um so traded on on on on on on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a a a a a a 15 % of um well um I mean well the the the the the the shares however most of its holdings in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted as noted as noted as noted as as as as as as noted as noted above, the present - day medical medical medical medical medical medical study of I mean so like so um gender variance variance variance variance variance variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and use use use use use use like you know okay uh uh of this term term term term term term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, Denver, Denver, Denver, Denver, Denver, um like you know okay so Colorado it was was was was was was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has germany has germany has germany has germany germany germany germany germany germany has germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed changed changed changed changed changed okay uh um uh I mean into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of of of of of of so um well um I mean a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a a a a a a the interior so so well uh so of of of of of of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle muscles muscles muscles muscles muscles muscles okay uh uh um you know attach, which in clams clams clams clams clams clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, Maine, Maine, Maine, Maine, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of of of of of of you know okay I mean uh uh satellites and and and and and and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo tempo tempo tempo tempo tempo whose central well okay so well like character is is is is is is a recently - married male sitting on a bench bench bench bench bench bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians indigenous Australians indigenous Australians indigenous Australians Australians Australians Australians Australians Australians indigenous Australians indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary systems of well uh I mean well you know the the the the the the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the granting okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. The U. The U. The U. The The The The The The U. The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established established established established established established in 2001 well um so well you know know know know know know and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy you know um um you know well Act of of of of of of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town the town the town the town the town the the the the the the town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era era era era era era when so I mean um um so the Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he he he he he he well uh I mean okay you know is an epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well like juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool tool tool tool tool tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy Randy uh you know I mean uh like Ragsdale, who had died died died died died died in an auto accident near College well okay I mean well well well well well well okay Station, Texas on the way to see see see see see see her brother perform I mean you know so like so so so so so so in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas nikos Karabelas nikos Karabelas nikos Karabelas nikos Karabelas nikos nikos nikos nikos nikos nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is a okay so so so so so so you know well so Greek football player currently playing as a a a a a a left full well uh well uh okay back back back back back back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century I I I I I I mean like uh I mean you know after Ilha Ilha Ilha Ilha Ilha Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it was so like like like like like like like like uh reckognised it was a continent, not an island island island island island island anymore; and I mean okay I mean well you you you you you you know before the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion explosion explosion explosion explosion explosion for Series okay well uh like um 3 but but but but but but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was was was was was was a well um you know you know you know know know know know know New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who you know know know know know know okay like um you know had a wide - ranging interest interest interest interest interest interest in natural history, such okay um um you know know know know know know okay that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans fans fans fans fans fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is well well well well well well uh like uh um a Scottish former footballer who who who who who who played for Dundee United, so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman Ottoman Ottoman Ottoman Ottoman Ottoman like I mean I mean I mean okay era as as as as as as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and and and and and and um so you know um um violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens um you you you you you you know you know so um ( also called the 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was was was was was was a um like well uh okay meeting of of of of of of several high - level al - Qaeda uh um I I I I I I mean I mean um members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time time time time time time by um um okay you know you know Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh parked his car in a Dollar Dollar Dollar Dollar Dollar Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was 'Bellringer' was 'Bellringer' was 'Bellringer' was 'Bellringer' was 'Bellringer' 'Bellringer' 'Bellringer' 'Bellringer' 'Bellringer' 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a um um um um um um um okay like okay nickname given to him by by by by by by fellow musician Dan like uh I mean okay uh Massie Massie Massie Massie Massie Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at at at at at at the' you know um you know uh okay Fordham Environmental Law Law Law Law Law Law Journal, and first gained notice as the like you know know know know know know okay you know um moderator of a panel panel panel panel panel panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the church church church church church church to well like like well okay his political associates associates associates associates associates associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed well well well well well well um I mean um well and price, however however however however however however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a around a around a around a around a a a a a a around a month after its supposed release in 1981, you you you you you you know um uh I mean okay 'Polybius' is said said said said said said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh um from Bermuda, who released an an an an an an album on Creation well I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh um Records in 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for for for for for for okay you know uh uh so the club, as as as as as as all of the team's foreign player spots okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like were used up; he was quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate Directorate of Plans, okay like okay um I mean a position from from from from from from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C C C C C C. 's I mean like um I mean uh Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New Day,' Himes uh like well okay okay said that he he he he he he was troubled by several actions by the like um um um um um um um well so president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because because because because because because of heavy traffic, well okay well I mean you know know know know know know it used to be at the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting originally connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting connecting originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it it it it it it was so well you know well um a heavily - traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies uh you know you know know know know know know uh um very close to most of Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois Illinois 37 (indeed the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti you you you you you you know um well so uh Township Park Commissioner won won won won won won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins julie begins julie begins julie begins begins begins begins begins begins julie begins julie begins to question him about about about about about about his family, and uh okay you know like uh he he he he he he gives some details and after some research, Julie learns learns learns learns learns learns that uh I mean okay like uh Dennis is their cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde Lyde Lyde Lyde Lyde Lyde & so so uh uh uh Gilbert in Shanghai will will will will will will also be transferred to Barlow um like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but but but but but but uh well uh um like affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - otway - otway - otway - otway otway otway otway otway otway - otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe Bathe Bathe Bathe Bathe Bathe did not I mean uh okay okay I I I I I I mean choose to appear, and was deprived of his his his his his his estates, although so uh um um uh it seems that he he he he he he was able to have I mean uh you know uh so a a a a a a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer you know know know know know know so like like okay variants of siopao with local ingredients ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging from Spam you know well like well like and canned canned canned canned canned canned pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is tv is tv is tv is tv tv tv tv tv tv is tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed so so so so so so okay you know you know well first first first first first first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the you you you you you you know okay so uh like U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres you you you you you you know okay I mean um so Bologna, he he he he he he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large large large large large large collection you know so um so um was re-housed re-housed re-housed re-housed re-housed re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School greenhill School School School School School School greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars military scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead you you you you you you know so I mean uh like referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so deadmau5 when the company head Melleefresh discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered the artist I mean I mean okay well so where the the the the the the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) okay so so so so so so uh you know like was a Texas woman woman woman woman woman woman who, among other things, claimed to uh I mean well well well well well well uh like have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana Ioana Ioana Ioana Ioana Ioana Pârvulescu, okay um like I mean okay as the combination combination combination combination combination combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film the film the film the film the film film film film film film the film received generally mixed to positive reviews from from from from from from okay I mean uh I mean so critics; review aggregator aggregator aggregator aggregator aggregator aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 uh um well so so so so so so so % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom mr. Blossom mr. Blossom mr. Blossom mr. Blossom Blossom Blossom Blossom Blossom Blossom mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, work, work, work, work, work, so you know okay I mean like I mean he he he he he he asks Peter to lock up the store for so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit the spirit the spirit the spirit the the the the the the spirit the spirit was associated with a hermit woman living living living living living living you know so like well so in the Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay so whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with I I I I I I mean well uh well well her and kept the cell cell cell cell cell cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the on the on the on the on the the the the the the on the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka well well well well well well so you know I mean um faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn Kaitlyn Kaitlyn Kaitlyn Kaitlyn Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, uh uh you know okay you you you you you you know the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page well um um um um um um well like uh application' are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than than than than than than itself: for uh I mean um so you know know know know know know example, a vignette about a house belonging to a you you you you you you know I mean so you know I mean collection collection collection collection collection collection of vignettes or a whole story, such so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like or outside lane, since the the the the the the edge of uh I mean um like you you you you you you know the road nearer to the verge (or nearer the the the the the the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like you know group, featuring Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Butler as lead singer on most tracks, okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the uh so so so so so so well okay well Spanish authorities, because if the the the the the the population became mostly French, there I mean um so so so so so so so you know could be problems of loyalty toward toward toward toward toward toward Spain, so the Monarchy you know so okay well well decided decided decided decided decided decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, by chance, by chance, by chance, chance, chance, chance, chance, chance, by chance, by chance, during his transformations into a a a a a a werewolf, he falls into well so you know know know know know know okay you know the castle's frozen catacombs catacombs catacombs catacombs catacombs catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and and and and and and lights okay uh you know well okay and barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the the the the the the okay like um okay I mean tunnel is closed, as well as as as as as as radio coverage uh uh like like you know know know know know know and a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with with with with with with one well okay okay well I mean of the smallest smallest smallest smallest smallest smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues and with so like like like like like like okay um so six of their starting position players, players, players, players, players, players, three of their five starting well so um so I I I I I I mean pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills his skills his skills his skills his skills skills skills skills skills skills his skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by a a a a a a so um so uh um Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, FedEx, FedEx, FedEx, FedEx, FedEx, with fewer than okay um well well you you you you you you know 75 Boeing 727's remaining in the fleet, fleet, fleet, fleet, fleet, fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean well I mean inspiration for for for for for for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince in um like uh um well Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April on April on April on April on on on on on on April on April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new new new new new new 'Mad I mean you know so well um um um um um um Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to to to to to to I mean uh uh I mean well share the stage stage stage stage stage stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at so like like like like like like well so like a fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh has has has has has has logesh has logesh has logesh has logesh has logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) x-ray) x-ray) x-ray) x-ray) x-ray) is okay so I mean so okay a classic hallmark hallmark hallmark hallmark hallmark hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival arevival arevival arevival arevival arevival opened on Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese at the I mean uh uh so I mean University University University University University University of London was born in 1913 in Kha um um um um um um um um like you know - ye village village village village village village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, as as as as as as there so uh uh uh you know were no locals locals locals locals locals locals elected as staff and because the survival of um um um um um um well like so so the staff wasn't linked directly to to to to to to membership since okay I mean like you know like they made made made made made made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds finds finds finds finds finds Joe okay like I mean I mean like like like like like like at a cafe when her car breaks down, however well well well well well well I mean well I mean so she is surprised when when when when when when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the the the the the the hallway, well like well well well revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able to to to to to to okay okay so okay well face these things and retired from from from from from from the position leaving um I mean uh um uh everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to to to to to to the so okay you know well um Virgen del Pilar, Pilar, Pilar, Pilar, Pilar, Pilar, whose image had been given uh you know well so so so so so so so by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so so was named town of Our Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most most most most most most like okay like you know well notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in in in in in in the okay like I mean well so United Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom means a person or organization whose like well so so so so so so I mean like business is to market real estate estate estate estate estate estate on behalf of uh like well um I mean clients, clients, clients, clients, clients, clients, but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual actual actual actual actual actual okay you know like okay well exploration to to to to to to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is is is is is is better you know okay okay well I mean than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate so um so like like were major historical Islamic states in in in in in in northern Nigeria that were so like um you know you you you you you you know strong states with strong kings who held an advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced uh okay I mean okay well legal and taxation systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the the the the the the Hoosier um like you know okay well Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross you know know know know know know you know like uh you know country, football, golf, volleyball, volleyball, volleyball, volleyball, volleyball, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis henry Louis henry Louis henry Louis henry Louis Louis Louis Louis Louis Louis henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 1950) is like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor and Director of the well well I mean you know know know know know know you know Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same same same same same same like uh you know I mean okay name, and is located on on on on on on the northwestern shore of okay um I mean like like Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the the the the the the Act in like like like so like respect of of of of of of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD is is is is is is I mean uh so uh like responsible for implementation implementation implementation implementation implementation implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so a retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who who who who who who uh so well I mean okay represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the the the the the the uh um um okay um battle Kinkaid's force had put put put put put put up against heavy odds, and you know so you you you you you you know um I mean the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started I I I I I I mean um um you know okay his spree spree spree spree spree spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought you you you you you you know uh uh uh okay him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman um like like like like like like you know uh uh Empire Constantine built the new imperial capital on on on on on on the um uh you know you know like Bosphorous, i i i i i i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity like uh you you you you you you know so um in the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, in 2011, in 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded folded folded folded folded folded after relegation from the so so well like um um um um um um Northern Premier League, however the club countined, fielding youth teams teams teams teams teams teams uh I mean well um okay in the North West West West West West West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so you know like core of a bullet was was was was was was also a transformative uh well so um um event event event event event event in firearm history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Welsh of like so you know so okay Weezer Weezer Weezer Weezer Weezer Weezer and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come as as as as as as like uh so well okay You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so you know I mean 1935) was an an an an an an American orthodontist who was a student okay you you you you you you know I mean like I mean of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, the the the the the the accessory was well I mean you know so so so so so so uh not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' 'Kindar' 'Kindar' 'Kindar' 'Kindar' 'Kindar' boy like okay well well okay in a seemingly idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic society, learns that he okay I mean uh okay um um um um um um has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for okay you you you you you you know like so so Ulster at scrum - half half half half half half and middle brother Ken, so uh so you know know know know know know uh a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Juris Juris Juris Juris Juris Doctor degree (J so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL (LL (LL (LL (LL (LL. M) I mean like okay okay so. Degree as as as as as as well as joint degrees in Master of you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so Business Administration (J. D. / M M M M M M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 I mean I I I I I I mean you know like uh prototypes were offered, all designed designed designed designed designed designed around the Hispano - Suiza okay so like you you you you you you know okay 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of of of of of of Judaic okay uh I mean like um artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, along along along along along along with okay like well so like talk about iStories, and talk talk talk talk talk talk about iPods, a nice, growing, I mean so um so so so so so so like active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay tone generators with octave octave octave octave octave octave divide - down to um so you know like like like like like like like provide full polyphony, while the built - in chorus so so so so so so uh you know I mean you know effect utilizes bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in in in in in in the you know well like so well fifth round round round round round round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL draft, well well well well well well okay well okay so McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to returning to returning to returning to returning to to to to to to returning to Washington on April 21 in response response response response response response to a I mean um uh um um Senate subpoena, subpoena, subpoena, subpoena, subpoena, subpoena, Custer found he was the center of uh so um I I I I I I mean um a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location location location location location location I mean um I mean um you know and idyllic setting, setting, setting, setting, setting, setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored okay okay you know know know know know know well okay the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over um well well well well well well I mean well okay forty songs, with 'I'll Never Never Never Never Never Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team team team team team team based in well like I mean well okay Brunei Brunei Brunei Brunei Brunei Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', you know uh um so uh Michaels vacated the the the the the the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained to like you know know know know know know so you know I mean fans that he he he he he he was informed by doctors that he like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain in uh you know okay like like Salzburg, Salzburg, Salzburg, Salzburg, Salzburg, Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he later he later he later he later later later later later later he later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the with the with the with the the the the the the with the with the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could could could could could could ride to so okay uh like like meet meet meet meet meet meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by by by by by by Livetune feat. Fukase like you know okay so so so so so so so as the opening theme for the first like you know um um um um um um I mean um eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although although although although although although it is well well well um you know not not not not not not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, show, show, show, show, show, but well I mean you know you know um a a a a a a six - part comic book series 'from the minds' minds' minds' minds' minds' minds' um so uh okay um of the original Jericho Jericho Jericho Jericho Jericho Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley and you know like like so uh Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton charles Quinton charles Quinton charles Quinton charles Quinton charles charles charles charles charles charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an American American American American American American I mean you know okay okay like actor, comedian and and and and and and writer, famous for being a cast member um you you you you you you know um okay okay and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages of of of of of of so like I mean um you know the the the the the the Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like was strengthened by the the the the the the accession of an ally whose one uh well like like like like like like I mean you know idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British English, well well well well well well well you know so I mean and the word 'measure' 'measure' 'measure' 'measure' 'measure' 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete measure well I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so at the head of a piece piece piece piece piece piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville well well well well well well you know you know uh uh received her primary primary primary primary primary primary education at home, later studying art in Paris uh like like like like like like okay um I mean in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and and and and and and like so so well so stood as a liberal candidate this this this this this this was to okay I mean okay so um be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn drawn drawn drawn drawn drawn by the um okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in in in in in in the you know uh uh well well U. S S S S S S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image the image the image the image the image the the the the the the image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers servers servers servers servers servers and it well you know um um uh utilizes utilizes utilizes utilizes utilizes utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to add artistic artistic artistic artistic artistic artistic effect I mean you know so um I mean and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the the the the the the 'Dragonaut well I mean so well you know - The Resonance Resonance Resonance Resonance Resonance Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, Konami, Konami, Konami, Konami, Konami, um I mean like so I mean and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD DD DD DD DD DD uh I mean well I mean I mean 945 945 945 945 945 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 I mean you know know know know know know okay I mean uh steaming through the Philippine Islands and and and and and and the San Bernardino Straits, um uh like so you you you you you you know then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like called the striking voltage, the gas in in in in in in the tube okay I mean I mean uh like ionizes, ionizes, ionizes, ionizes, ionizes, ionizes, becoming a plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode abode abode abode abode abode of uh okay so um well a terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, I mean okay okay well well well well well well um who gained control of the estate after usurping usurping usurping usurping usurping usurping power from well uh uh okay okay and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated advocated well I mean uh well so for for for for for for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, but due due due due due due um like like um well to lack of time, such such such such such such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, again, again, again, again, again, once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to to to to to to escape, well I mean you know uh uh but but but but but but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria began began began began began began to uh you know okay so like make terms with with with with with with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an an an an an an Ukrainian comedy uh well you know you know well TV TV TV TV TV TV series that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 1971 1971 1971 1971 1971 so well I mean like uh to May May May May May May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean okay his ten ten ten ten ten ten and a half years in office well um um um um um um so you know like slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Barbara, um like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay California on 6 June 1976, at the age of of of of of of so uh I mean like you know 85 85 85 85 85 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming re-naming re-naming re-naming re-naming re-naming well okay you know like like to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was was was was was was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, second, second, second, second, second, was taken I mean so you know I I I I I I mean you know up by debtors; in 1773, debtors debtors debtors debtors debtors debtors within 12 miles well okay well okay you know of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in set in set in set in set in in in in in in set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at the the the the the the so okay uh well I mean planets Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth and Pluto, the background of the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th um like okay like I mean anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the the the the the the like okay well okay so relevant country and are often often often often often often as detailed in their design okay you know um um um um um um okay um as banknotes - usually made from the the the the the the same type um well uh you know well of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was was was was was was dorchester was not established as a separate county until you you you you you you know you know like so uh 1897, however, when when when when when when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De festiva De De De De De De festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles uh okay um uh okay Davis recorded in La Pinède, Pinède, Pinède, Pinède, Pinède, Pinède, Juan - les - I mean okay uh like like like like like like uh Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on like like like like like like like so so I mean his observations of Kubrick Kubrick Kubrick Kubrick Kubrick Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was so so uh um um um um um um I mean very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs photographs photographs photographs photographs photographs with you know well okay so so friends performing performing performing performing performing performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda okay okay I I I I I I mean you know you know and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Turtles Turtles Turtles Turtles Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe I mean okay you know um uh drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean so in Ventura, California) California) California) California) California) California) played his college career at Ventura College for I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know his freshman and sophomore year, before before before before before before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious serious serious serious serious serious poem, 'Az so okay like well I mean Apostol' ( ( ( ( ( ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so you know revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such such such such such such uh you know well uh well as those of of of of of of a Reader (grade F) and an associate um well well well well well well okay like you know professor until 2014 when he he he he he he joined Regional Centre you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is um um um um um um okay uh like well a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was was was was was was incorporated I mean okay well okay um on 10 10 10 10 10 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on um I I I I I I mean so okay okay 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo um um um um um um so uh you know uh at right) was adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted adopted in 1965 when the okay okay uh okay I mean down down down down down down Wairarapa track was moved from the west to the the the the the the east you know okay you know okay okay of of of of of of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are there are a number of issues over which the United United United United United United um you know so so okay States and Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood south Wood south Wood south Wood south south south south south south Wood south Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, Field, is I mean like like like so a public use use use use use use airport located one nautical mile like um well well well well well well um I mean (1. 85 km) south of the central business business business business business business you know I mean I mean so um district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains it maintains it maintains it maintains it it it it it it maintains it maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and well I I I I I I mean you know um uh Honduras and maintains more more more more more more than four million square feet so um like like like like like like well I mean of inventory nationwide and ships ships ships ships ships ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs needs needs needs needs needs -- founding so you know I mean I mean so so so so so so a small farm -- and initiated a youth youth youth youth youth youth addiction and so well like so well mental illness program program program program program program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May in May in May in May in May May May May May May in May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months months months months months months you know okay so well so behind schedule, with with with with with with the overhead electrification now being completed um like I I I I I I mean you know so in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also she also she also she also also also also also also she also she also became increasingly critical of the Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal I mean uh you know okay you know governments governments governments governments governments governments of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, well so like I I I I I I mean you know and on June 8, 2004, she she she she she she announced that she was like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an an an an an an auxiliary mathematical I mean like I mean okay well well well well well well tool, a trick as it were, to simplify simplify simplify simplify simplify simplify the transformation uh well you know like you know from from from from from from one system into another -- it was Poincaré you know know know know know know so um um so in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it it it it it it okay like uh I mean I mean is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was he was he was he was was was was was was he was he was director of the Forschungsinstitut für für für für für für Mathematik at you know you know um okay um ETH Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded Beno so like like like like like like like I mean I mean Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls walls walls walls walls walls you know I mean um uh I mean and paste paste paste paste paste paste with mud for their thatched huts in villages, but okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean well now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - lévi - lévi - lévi - lévi - lévi lévi lévi lévi lévi lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' um uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so in 1971 and in 1973 he was was was was was was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in in in in in in like I mean okay um well Highgate cemetery Though Though Though Though Though Though fairly affluent during most of his career, he so I I I I I I mean okay I mean um fell on hard times towards the the the the the the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming incoming incoming incoming incoming incoming Republican you know um like so uh member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and and and and and and uh so um you know so Don Heck and and and and and and is a powerful mystic, born over five so uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so hundred years ago in the mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic mystic city of Kamar - I mean uh uh uh like like like like like like Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so well is a British singer / songwriter songwriter songwriter songwriter songwriter songwriter whose first band Judy um um I mean like like like like like like like and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) 1966) 1966) 1966) 1966) 1966) then saw her taking uh well okay well you know know know know know know the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician politician politician politician politician politician and a well okay well I mean okay member member member member member member of the Swedish parliament as a member of I I I I I I mean so you know so you know the the the the the the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie well well well well well well so so so so draft by the Fremantle Football Club Club Club Club Club Club with their third selection and well like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons so like like like like like like uh I mean so with Fremantle without playing an AFL AFL AFL AFL AFL AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić Smiljanić Smiljanić Smiljanić Smiljanić Smiljanić was called okay so like you know like up by by by by by by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay like part of his squad squad squad squad squad squad for the 2007 European Championships; well like okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as as as as as as a okay well like um like result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head head head head head head in the accident, okay um you know well okay that that that that that that her significant other was never found, and that Catherine okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know I mean wanders Catherine's Hill and and and and and and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents talents talents talents talents talents in uh um so like um the entertainment industry, industry, industry, industry, industry, industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal well like like like like like like I mean okay so Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and and and and and and news quickly uh um um you know uh swept swept swept swept swept swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev I mean like like okay so. The members are are are are are are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for for for for for for you know well I mean I mean so such such such such such such bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects well well well well well well uh well well you know with such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program like um um um um um um um I mean uh in Kansas, and the the the the the the School Library Media Licensure so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips the Phillips the Phillips the Phillips the Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips the Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in in in in in in uh uh uh okay like Parke County, Indiana and is is is is is is a single span Burr Arch so well well well well well well well uh you know Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role each role each role each role each each each each each each role each role required three masks, these had to to to to to to like you know you know um like look similar similar similar similar similar similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on on on on on on 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 95 95 95 95 95 well uh okay uh okay to run through downtown Boston; Boston; Boston; Boston; Boston; Boston; however, due to pressure okay okay I mean like like like like like like uh from local residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route Route Route Route Route Route um um um um um 128 were cancelled in in in in in in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board board board board board board from you know um you know like okay 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a a a a a a removable you know you know okay well uh glass wall -- one one one one one one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set set set set set set up you know uh well um um a private private private private private private medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: these these these these these these uh like um um uh came to naught, naught, naught, naught, naught, naught, except that name of the 'Hunter School I mean you you you you you you know I mean um uh of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company company company company company company you know uh I mean well like with a a a a a a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf the Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf the Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July July July July July July 10, 1985, uh I mean uh like like however however however however however however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in in in in in in uh so I mean so okay New York City on on on on on on December 13, 2016 and had a um well okay so so so so so so like limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was attlee was attlee was attlee was was was was was was attlee was attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in in in in in in the 1951 I mean okay okay you know you know know know know know know general election; he retired as Labour leader after losing I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay like the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' and and and and and and so um you know um um follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh so and educated at Eving Eving Eving Eving Eving Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, well so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to you you you you you you know so I mean you know okay guard the Wind Wind Wind Wind Wind Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish - uh you know know know know know know so uh you know sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and and and and and and I mean okay I mean so okay associations; they were hired hired hired hired hired hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, Wale, Wale, Wale, Wale, Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan um you know like okay you know know know know know know Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, Matta, Matta, Matta, Matta, Matta, uh so like uh like Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the the the the the the Ruhr like you know I mean well so so so so so so area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August August August August August August okay uh uh uh well 1740 -- 30 July July July July July July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but but but but but but okay um like okay um their friendship was tested tested tested tested tested tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a well well well well well well you know so um like restricted free agent and signed a a a a a a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved moved moved moved moved moved um you know well so like to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following the following the following the following the the the the the the following the following is a list of famous past past past past past past students of um like you know well like Caulfield Grammar School School School School School School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar School um so like so so so so so so I mean (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland Cumberland Cumberland Cumberland Cumberland Cumberland County School you know um you know okay so System System System System System System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like okay of a garment of smallest measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, measurements, if, for example, well um well well so all all all all all all garments were taken down a size, the smallest okay so um um um um um um um I mean garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was was was was was was uh well so okay like held in the Round House House House House House House until he was hung on uh I mean you know know know know know know um I mean the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 to you know uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as one one one one one one of Canada's I mean okay uh so like leading leading leading leading leading leading institutions for graduate theological education and the leading you know know know know know know well um I mean like ecumenical centre for theological education education education education education education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know uh album featured the song 'I Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe Breathe In, so so okay um um I Breathe Out', Out', Out', Out', Out', Out', which although never a single for Kersh well I I I I I I mean um well well himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which which which which which which prepares so like okay I mean so students for the the the the the the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to I I I I I I mean so uh well well suit a wide wide wide wide wide wide range of interests, and classes so okay you know I I I I I I mean um to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean I mean well I mean okay you know football defender who who who who who who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, you you you you you you know okay I mean you know uh similar to many many many many many many other sci - fi shooters, you know well well well well well well you know you know you know and could be be be be be be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 and although uh so like you know uh the the the the the the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA well okay you know um uh Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics like like like like like like so so uh okay needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put put put put put put like okay you know I mean I mean a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will will will will will will end I mean um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs and and and and and and the so I mean uh I mean well interest will will will will will will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, um like you you you you you you know okay you know 2015 and on April 8, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, he was outrighted I mean I mean um I mean um um um um um um from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, Monte, Monte, Monte, Monte, Monte, you know uh so um okay February 26, 1603) was the the the the the the oldest daughter of Charles uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, Beefeater, Beefeater, Beefeater, Beefeater, Beefeater, aiming like so okay um you know to raise raise raise raise raise raise awareness of the steaks available in the the the the the the like like so you know you know UK UK UK UK UK UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or I I I I I I mean so okay so okay 17th century (cite reference), when when when when when when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War War War War War War of Independence, like um you know you know you know after after after after after after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible chinese edible chinese edible chinese edible chinese chinese chinese chinese chinese chinese edible chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and and and and and and consumed you know so uh I mean like on a a a a a a large scale in some areas of China, frog frog frog frog frog frog uh well well I mean uh legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to you know know know know know know um so so okay extremely rare and are some of the the the the the the most desired like you know like um um items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, the opera, the opera, the opera, the opera, opera, opera, opera, opera, opera, the opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, Stavis, Stavis, Stavis, Stavis, Stavis, was uh so okay uh um premiered at the German German German German German German State Opera, Berlin on 29 okay okay like um um September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many I mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay uh so rapids some of with are the the the the the the Rapides de Cap I mean so okay okay um - - - - - - Saint - Jacques on the north western tip tip tip tip tip tip um uh okay um I mean of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - - - - - - turbocharged uh you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala I mean so so so so so so so um so Raceway, with Richards moving into it for for for for for for the last two you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural complexity; complexity; complexity; complexity; complexity; complexity; and okay you know I mean you know so limited limited limited limited limited limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile so uh well well well well well well I mean okay fire: on 4 October 1999, a a a a a a Su - 24 was uh well I mean um so shot shot shot shot shot shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of seal of seal of seal of seal of seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, um um um um um um well so so like buries the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, such well well well well well well okay okay uh you know as the armourer, armourer, armourer, armourer, armourer, armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' you know okay um uh you know role, because because because because because because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to to to to to to okay well okay you know um her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable notable notable notable notable notable uh I mean okay I mean um for playing playing playing playing playing playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, language, language, language, language, language, a okay you know so you know okay branch of of of of of of the greater Semitic language family, and is spoken spoken spoken spoken spoken spoken you know well you know okay uh by minority populations populations populations populations populations populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game well well well well well well I mean okay uh uh in the nation which which which which which which features a match - well so okay you know like like like like like like up between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh you know elected for the the the the the the first time in 1976 and I mean you you you you you you know um well um served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the nascent nascent nascent nascent nascent nascent I mean okay well like you know Canadian Coast Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed in uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like you know 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious illustrious illustrious illustrious illustrious illustrious career marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 well well well well well well you know okay I mean so % worth $ $ $ $ $ $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a $ 175 so okay so so so so so so so um million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and and and and and and some um so you know uh so services services services services services services are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, POIS, POIS, POIS, POIS, POIS, and um um um like uh it was was was was was was discovered that this stemmed from an allergy to to to to to to their so uh well uh I mean own semen, its its its its its its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to to to to to to you know I mean like well well Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the um um um um um um um uh like um death of Sanguinius to to to to to to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this so you know I I I I I I mean okay okay lust however can sometimes prove too too too too too too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a a a a a a fictional like I mean so so like character from the NBC NBC NBC NBC NBC NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer um you know so you you you you you you know uh Aniston, who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well I mean okay is $ 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so um to marry the technician and the art art art art art art of the you know uh I mean well you you you you you you know Macchiaioli, also devoting to the sculpture and and and and and and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the the the the the the Street; Mary I mean um like well I I I I I I mean was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one being being being being being being an um so I mean like um internet band comprising comprising comprising comprising comprising comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high today high today high today high today today today today today today high today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well okay Italy, Germany, and and and and and and the United States, though they are also uh I I I I I I mean um uh um made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and and and and and and is uh I mean uh uh uh the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, in 2014, in 2014, in 2014, in in in in in in 2014, in 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, uh I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final final final final final final phase like well I mean uh uh of her her her her her her life, she became one of Venice's resident like like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat sat sat sat sat sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons before construction I mean like like like uh began, and the line line line line line line was planned instead to terminate uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh um at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's Mangal's Mangal's Mangal's Mangal's Mangal's continual alcohol you know okay so so uh abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known also known also known also known also known also also also also also also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three the three the three the three the the the the the the three the three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola well I mean well um you know know know know know know constitute the main centre of population of the okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know Donegal Gaeltacht and with a population population population population population population of just over you know well um okay well 16 16 16 16 16 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between um um um um um um I mean uh well so Air France, Lufthansa, Lufthansa, Lufthansa, Lufthansa, Lufthansa, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. And holds and holds and holds and holds and and and and and and holds and holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the late late late late late late um well well like like 19th and early early early early early early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh who believed that the transition to a a a a a a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee well so so well I mean for the Promotion of of of of of of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of I I I I I I mean I mean so you know okay Dag Dag Dag Dag Dag Dag Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's Army's Army's Army's Army's Army's you know like you know well you know famed Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route Route Route Route Route Route 108/PA like you know like so okay Route 168 concurrency concurrency concurrency concurrency concurrency concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway is okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know you know meant to connect directly directly directly directly directly directly the communities in the uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, Huntington, okay I mean okay well you know to resign resign resign resign resign resign in July 1781, McKean was elected elected elected elected elected elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in a I I I I I I mean um okay um um cutting, served by the 'Local' 'Local' 'Local' 'Local' 'Local' 'Local' pair of tracks with trains so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay you know to the city leaving from the north north north north north north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', um um um um um um like so so well in wich he hosted concerts starting starting starting starting starting starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an an an an an an um so I mean um you know independent brand called 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical like uh so so so so so so so okay t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London London London London London London Borough uh so I mean so I mean of Wandsworth, Wandsworth, Wandsworth, Wandsworth, Wandsworth, Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when well I I I I I I mean I mean okay like a substantial part of Tooting Tooting Tooting Tooting Tooting Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at well uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay the age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part part part part part part in well like so um I mean his his his his his his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an you know know know know know know uh um okay um American professional ice hockey player currently currently currently currently currently currently playing for the Wilkes - okay well um you you you you you you know uh Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 so okay uh well um Has The Shows You You You You You You Know' and also adopted well you know you you you you you you know um okay a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and and and and and and during inspection um uh okay so you know in in in in in in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - françois - françois - françois - françois françois françois françois françois françois - françois - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - - - - - - Xavier I mean I mean you know okay um um um um um um Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film critics critics critics critics critics critics um well you know okay well but some highly highly highly highly highly highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, uh so you know know know know know know uh like the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman and and and and and and so far okay like I mean you know know know know know know I mean it has grossed $ 126. 2 million million million million million million 2million 2million 2million 2million 2million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where she she she she she she uh okay um like you know received a bachelor's degree in in in in in in Biochemistry; thereafter she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on on on on on on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was was was was was was the prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February February February February February February 1809), son uh you know uh well you know know know know know know of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a a a a a a Liverpool okay I mean I mean like like ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen you you you you you you know like like you know uh and what he he he he he he was doing, one survivor said Wilde like okay so well well well well well well well was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to vote vote vote vote vote vote um like uh uh uh during the whole week week week week week week and the winner was decided um okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force force force force force force okay okay like um uh consisted of 45 troop troop troop troop troop troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop uh so like you you you you you you know I mean carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the the the the the the development of I mean well um um so the textile textile textile textile textile textile industry and created a new type of deodorant I I I I I I mean okay well so um Royalty used to wash wash wash wash wash wash their hair with rose so uh you know like like like like like like uh water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 in 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners runners runners runners runners runners you know uh so okay I mean up in the the the the the the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh so Audenshaw School, the match was staged at at at at at at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was everett was everett was everett was everett everett everett everett everett everett was everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later later later later later later moved I mean well well uh uh to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and and and and and and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for for for for for for like you know like like um the United States to to to to to to study communications and political science you know uh okay okay um um um um um um at Drexel University in Philadelphia; she transferred to to to to to to Eastern Connecticut I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests protests protests protests protests protests against what uh so well well um they they they they they they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court policies, you know know know know know know okay like um okay and an appeal to the the the the the the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, forces, forces, forces, forces, forces, Holden I mean okay well I mean um um um um um um rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden Holden meets okay uh so so well the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming after filming after filming after filming after filming filming filming filming filming filming after filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; you you you you you you know like so okay um he turned to Emmett / Furla Furla Furla Furla Furla Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so I mean and finished 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th out of the 25 competing countries, you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean giving Ireland its best result result result result result result in eleven years they you know you know well well well well well well I mean um recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother and and and and and and López so uh well uh well herself) with with with with with with Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' 'sanctifying' 'sanctifying' 'sanctifying' 'sanctifying' 'sanctifying' you know uh you know like you know average average average average average average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility the facility the facility the facility the facility the the the the the the facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in North America), America), America), America), America), America), so well um so well when the Nationals hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted the Atlanta Braves on March 30, so I mean well well well well well well okay I mean 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to prior to prior to prior to prior to prior prior prior prior prior prior to this decision there was much debate on well so you know know know know know know um okay the application of the Bill of Rights to to to to to to an um uh so I mean like infringing statute, the the the the the the general opinion was that the Bill of well so so so so so so uh uh I mean Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna while Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, the latter was well well well well well well you know okay um you know apprised of of of of of of the same by their common mother Kunti well you you you you you you know you know I mean uh and hence even though though though though though though he was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) 1903) 1903) 1903) 1903) 1903) uh so uh okay so kept a private school at at at at at at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though though though though though though there aren't uh um you know you know well any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are hides are hides are hides are hides hides hides hides hides hides are hides are used in the production of coatin, a a a a a a um uh so like uh process that includes skinning, drying, drying, drying, drying, drying, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, you know know know know know know like I mean okay well as he he he he he he knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was uh so you know know know know know know I mean well 18 years old as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David David David David David David I mean you know I mean like like Bakan Bakan Bakan Bakan Bakan Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is um so so so so so so so like you know an English former professional footballer who who who who who who was most recently like I mean okay uh uh the the the the the the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical stabiliser um okay well so okay and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay um a 45 - minute documentary on on on on on on 'The Lonesome Crowded you know um um so okay okay okay okay okay okay West, which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers told I mean uh so um uh her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh you know to keep the the the the the the billboard up for over four years, uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 1691 1691 1691 1691 1691 you know like so okay um and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established established established established established established in okay um you know so well 1950 and and and and and and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, cRoad, cRoad, cRoad, cRoad, cRoad, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and so so so so so so okay you know um so all of the things things things things things things he accomplished were shattered into pieces you know like like like like like like okay um so when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, Syndicate, Syndicate, Syndicate, Syndicate, Syndicate, is editor okay you know okay so okay - - - - - - in - chief at The Daily Wire, I mean so so so so so so I mean okay okay an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael born Raphael born born born born born born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he he he he he he is a well um like I mean okay founding member member member member member member of MtW (Ministering the Word - Zambia) and you know know know know know know uh uh so well also a final year student at at at at at at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most most most most most most well you know uh I mean so of her energies on on on on on on music production, but she is also well um like well well well well well well you know playing a weekly residency gig as a member member member member member member of Texas so uh well um I mean Space Monster Monster Monster Monster Monster Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner like like like like like like uh okay uh you know Oparey', produced by Ideas Creations, Creations, Creations, Creations, Creations, Creations, it aired on Star I mean okay I I I I I I mean so uh Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor actor actor actor actor actor from Pankaj Kapoor I mean so um well so. And And And And And And she and she and she and she and and and and and and she and she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um okay a highly - selective liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal arts college and uh you know you know know know know know know um um one of three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, University, University, University, University, University, situated on um uh like so like the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um three European Championships -- helping the national national national national national national team well well well I mean well finish second at Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro Euro 2004 and third at Euro so uh I I I I I I mean I mean so 2000 -- winning more more more more more more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is kay is kay is kay is kay is is is is is is kay is presented as a pensioner living in England okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know you know with her her her her her her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were patients were patients were patients were patients patients patients patients patients patients were patients were used to construct roads on the you you you you you you know so okay okay so property, establish and maintain the the the the the the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, so okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple asimple asimple asimple asimple asimple web - - - - - - search returns any number of such okay uh I I I I I I mean uh I mean services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a a a a a a uh uh well you know so Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay okay been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO DYO DYO DYO DYO DYO and NZSSSO), you know uh okay so okay and also also also also also also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits limits limits limits limits limits of I mean like I mean well okay the humid humid humid humid humid humid subtropical region (using the Köppen climate I mean well well well well well well you know I mean like classification system) such as Philadelphia and and and and and and Louisville, Kentucky have average um so like okay uh winter winter winter winter winter winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Omar Omar Omar Omar Omar um uh you know you know I mean Bongo Bongo Bongo Bongo Bongo Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the the the the the the Communist Party uh you know so well so so so so so so of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average the average the average the average the average average average average average average the average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags lags lags lags lags lags um okay uh you know uh behind that of of of of of of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs well so you know you you you you you you know okay. 82 % in 2005), and and and and and and several of the larger firms like well like like uh in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title the title the title the title the title title title title title title the title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 and its I mean well like um like lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation observation observation observation observation observation of well um uh I mean uh the sun which which which which which which had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired retired retired retired retired retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is is is is is is an American okay you know uh so uh stand - - - - - - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan when Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance in like well like like well the episode 'Severed 'Severed 'Severed 'Severed 'Severed 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know I mean classic stage stage stage stage stage stage performance with live singing and acting, were uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean written and staged in Goa, since since since since since since the time it I mean I mean well like you you you you you you know evolved during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all all all all all all - um okay well um I mean girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew um um um um um um uh uh I mean uh up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July in July in July in July in in in in in in July in July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests requests requests requests requests requests was I mean I mean so uh um um um um um um finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so well Sunderland for £ 55, 55, 55, 55, 55, 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, though though though though though though I mean uh uh you know okay he was frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently called on to take part in murders; so okay like like like like like like okay so indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father his father his father his father his his his his his his father his father was shaken by the decision, as as as as as as he cherished the like so okay okay you know US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was okay well well well well well well you know well okay especially influential in the expanding Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Republic and when it encountered you know you know so so so so so so uh uh Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of of of of of of luxury you know well well I mean so forms of of of of of of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled for deportation, I mean well uh well so although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and and and and and and well you know so so uh small roof application application application application application application because of its hot air weldability. This you this you this this this this this this you this you this you this you know you you you you you you know like uh like means if you have have have have have have copied this then you have a so I I I I I I mean you know uh well small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the unfortunately the unfortunately the unfortunately the unfortunately the the the the the the unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed sealed sealed sealed sealed sealed uh you know so okay okay his fate as as as as as as being pushed out of office, and uh you know um um um um um um I mean uh there has been talk of Louras not not not not not not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character the character the character the character the character character character character character character the character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the the the the the the you know like I mean well like action setpieces setpieces setpieces setpieces setpieces setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action you know like like like like like like well um uh cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of okay like like like like like like like um like 18 acres, plus an intertidal zone of of of of of of a further okay like I mean uh um 16 16 16 16 16 16 acres, and has a thin layer of soil that so so so so so so like like like so supports vegetation including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among uh well well well well well well I mean so so the passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in in in in in in I mean um um like well Korea and Jang received her her her her her her big break with her cute so um I mean well well well well well well I mean image and so as the other young stars so so so so so so okay like you know well in the cast cast cast cast cast cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and I I I I I I mean like so okay you know opens up up up up up up a new area of international production, which so so so so so so like I mean so you know at at at at at at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the like like like like like like like you know you know um financial investment wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee okay um I mean I mean you know know know know know know and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the north I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh well and the the the the the the Mississippi state line on the south, with the I I I I I I mean well like I mean like Canadian National National National National National National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the at the at the at the at the the the the the the at the age of seven, Johnson suffered an an an an an an eye injury following an incident um I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh with a BB gun; he would later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well um Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's spain women's spain women's spain women's spain women's women's women's women's women's women's spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of of of of of of um well okay I mean okay the Penza Penza Penza Penza Penza Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in several several several several several several well so so like I mean companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 in so so you know like so Santos, Brazil) is until until until until until until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, well like uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History History History History History History at the University of I mean uh well you know know know know know know uh Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering well well well well well well I mean well uh okay from Alzheimer's disease, disease, disease, disease, disease, disease, and died three years later of well like so you you you you you you know like complications from the disease in a a a a a a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by neighboured by neighboured by neighboured by neighboured by by by by by by neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is is is is is is one of well I mean like well okay the historically notable notable notable notable notable notable buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, and like like like like like like well so okay you know houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second you you you you you you know like uh um well EP, 'Re matto', released released released released released released on 17 February 2010, which also you know know know know know know I mean um okay um spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium in in in in in in well so like well like nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until until until until until until 2009 when all home so like so like like games rotated between between between between between between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video avideo avideo avideo avideo avideo sender sender sender sender sender sender is a device for transmitting domestic okay like you know know know know know know I mean um video signals wirelessly from one room to another, another, another, another, another, another, as okay so so um like for example sending the output of of of of of of a satellite TV decoder okay uh okay I mean uh located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um so Bello, Judge Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, Hayley, Hayley, Hayley, Hayley, Hayley, but Santa soon okay like um okay well arrives arrives arrives arrives arrives arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh President of AEG - TV and and and and and and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile Mobile Mobile Mobile Mobile Mobile I mean uh well well like media, a division of of of of of of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management management management management management management I mean uh so like well of the Bloomsbury Bloomsbury Bloomsbury Bloomsbury Bloomsbury Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined like well like like like like like like um um University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large all large all large all large all large large large large large large all large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate well um I I I I I I mean uh I mean sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed completed completed completed completed completed in 1884, you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so and in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting depicting depicting depicting depicting depicting you know okay I mean well um the the the the the the local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism and uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay um um nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional constitutional constitutional constitutional constitutional constitutional patriotism is a um like I mean you know know know know know know okay common project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay uh well from communities and organizations throughout the the the the the the country, and in so um um like well 1994 a group group group group group group of community leaders gathered at Christian you know um um um um um um well so like Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has mir has mir has mir has mir mir mir mir mir mir has mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, pro-Taliban, pro-Taliban, pro-Taliban, pro-Taliban, pro-Taliban, while you know um so like well some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the like like like like like like okay okay uh I mean realm of quantum interferometry, interferometry, interferometry, interferometry, interferometry, interferometry, which include the first demonstration of so okay so so so so so so well you know quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like September 24, 2013 and did the the the the the the tenth birthday of like well okay well uh the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October October October October October October and November, I mean okay uh I mean you you you you you you know students are informed of their results in the following following following following following following March, and those you know I mean like um um um um um um uh who receive offers decide by the the the the the the middle of March whether um so uh so um to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer okay you you you you you you know okay okay okay best known for 14 crime novels novels novels novels novels novels featuring the um you know uh like well highly highly highly highly highly highly popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can money can money can money can money can money money money money money money can not do anything other than what money okay like like like like like like uh I mean uh has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are are are are are are hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found found found found found found at okay so well so well beccles tesco tesco tesco tesco tesco tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid humanoid humanoid humanoid humanoid humanoid race I mean you know um okay like like like like like like who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the the the the the the state um like okay so okay - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central it's central it's central it's central it's central central central central central central it's central campus uh you know well uh I mean is is is is is is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written written written written written written with Marilyn so like uh uh you know Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de charles de charles de charles de charles de de de de de de charles de Montalembert was too young to take his his his his his his seat as um well uh okay okay a peer (twenty - five being being being being being being the necessary age), but okay so you know know know know know know uh you know he retained other rights, and and and and and and this, combined with his literary I mean you know um um um um um um well like and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) you know know know know know know like you know uh okay is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 1836 1836 1836 1836 1836 inaugurated okay like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean the existing schools in its public education system, most like well well well well well well well okay uh of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made he made he made he made he made made made made made made he made it as far north as Shetland before his his his his his his like so uh uh well vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was you you you you you you know like okay okay uh collected by by by by by by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know Arctic Monkeys (not in in in in in in attendance at the event) which was well well um um um um um um well so voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then okay uh well well well well well well I mean I mean a computer programmer before becoming becoming becoming becoming becoming becoming internationally known for his work okay so you know you you you you you you know well with WikiLeaks and making public appearances around okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know okay the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his his his his his his so okay like well you know bag down, he he he he he he refused and approached the federal air okay okay okay like like like like like like so marshals in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh and a green shirt that has has has has has has her symbol like okay like um I mean on it and exposes exposes exposes exposes exposes exposes her lower belly and navel, uh I mean like so so so so so so uh with her hair back. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting with each okay like okay um well other other other other other other and their environment, as well two pirate ships to well well well well well well I mean um um I mean demonstrate cloth dynamics, a a a a a a visual representation of the leap okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against um um um um um um okay like I mean like the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic - um uh so well like dominated Diem regime, known known known known known known as the Buddhist crisis, and like well I I I I I I mean like I mean widespread large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months okay like like like like like like like uh so later after appearing in a television television television television television television series as the I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean extramarital interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the the the the the the center with um um okay um so research focusing on communications communications communications communications communications communications between cells and the causation like okay uh well well well well well well so of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are are are are are are maintained by Dantak, a well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering division of Indian Army and I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel channel channel channel channel channel you know so um okay well without the the the the the the complications of variable length live news so um um so so so so so so uh broadcasts, prior to the launch of ABC News 24, 24, 24, 24, 24, 24, like I mean uh like you know ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards and also okay so uh uh you know has has has has has has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh Walsh Walsh Walsh Walsh Walsh street, I mean I mean so um I mean South South South South South South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for for for for for for services but um well I mean okay like like like like like like is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as um okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and and and and and and it is like you know um so like the main temple temple temple temple temple temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of well well well well well well uh so um um Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school school school school school school records for um like okay like um season strikeouts and strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout strikeout ratio, in addition she also well I mean well well well well well well um so achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in okay like like like like like like like I mean uh a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant yearsdecongestant yearsdecongestant yearsdecongestant yearsdecongestant yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay um so completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that that that that that that he I mean like well you know like recorded vocal vocal vocal vocal vocal vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a I I I I I I mean you know I mean um so Rich Rich Rich Rich Rich Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers well um um um um um um like like um featuring Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense chinese incense chinese incense chinese incense chinese chinese chinese chinese chinese chinese incense chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion religion religion religion religion religion are generally like um you know I mean okay without without without without without without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine okay well well well well well well well well uh or rose, since it is the the the the the the smoke, not the scent, which you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants mutants mutants mutants mutants mutants were deficient so okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well you know uh college common room; he he he he he he leads his friends and the you know so well well well well well well okay well students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only the only the only the only the only only only only only only the only exception was made for officers who served in in in in in in the so so well uh okay Far East; as Nesterov Nesterov Nesterov Nesterov Nesterov Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach so so so so so so well you know okay so the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Cris Cris Cris Cris Cris Calilan, who return to his position um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh okay as assistant coach, the Maestro began began began began began began coaching the Hotdogs during well I mean you know know know know know know um uh their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and and and and and and okay um uh well um frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all all all all all all reactive uh um well so so functional groups and and and and and and two functional groups in which the like like um um um um um um so you know reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution so so so so so so well you know so like and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of of of of of of uh so um I mean uh the nurse who treated treated treated treated treated treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore Shore Shore Shore Shore Shore of Oahu you know you know you know I I I I I I mean you know in Hawaii and known for big wave surfing surfing surfing surfing surfing surfing during so okay uh uh um the winter season season season season season season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku so well you you you you you you know well um Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World World World World World World Cup uh you know okay okay I mean of of of of of of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', like okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like which was featured in the debut debut debut debut debut debut episode I mean so uh um well of the television television television television television television series, is featured in the original I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean okay film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit I I I I I I mean so so okay you know for individuals with moderate moderate moderate moderate moderate moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar okay um um so um bill, he becomes famous and makes makes makes makes makes makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in in in in in in four sets well okay uh um um and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor you you you you you you know uh I mean okay um from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared um uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know um his Law examination. At the age of of of of of of twenty one you know okay like like you know know know know know know years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi fashion designer, okay like um um okay graphic designer, designer, designer, designer, designer, designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project project project project project project well like uh you know so on a large large large large large large scale, which can be both good and uh so so so so so so uh um well bad, because of the large contributions contributions contributions contributions contributions contributions by the public, Wikipedia okay like well so you know has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' azarolus' azarolus' azarolus' azarolus' azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' I mean uh uh like like like like like like okay ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten eaten eaten eaten eaten eaten raw you know like you know so okay as a snack, snack, snack, snack, snack, snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 check so um I mean like so to repay the company, company, company, company, company, company, forcing Smithers to fire him I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name name name name name name well you know um I mean uh with probably probably probably probably probably probably less than 300 families around the globe so I I I I I I mean you know um okay. The bunt community members members members members members members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as well like like like like like like uh well okay Regent, and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was well well well well well well well so you know um sent up shortly after the the the the the the accident to search for you know okay I mean like like like like like like um the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the the the the the the accident I mean like okay you know well area, area, area, area, area, area, and many other aircraft that passed near Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue blue blue blue blue blue so um I mean well uh eyes. Darken Darken Darken Darken Darken Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, um like you you you you you you know I mean um Panis Rahl because he had found out out out out out out that his father was um like like I mean um um um um um um going to kill him because of his evilness I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know you know but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within within within within within within uh okay you know you know you know know know know know know the Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially especially especially especially especially especially the space you know I mean so okay you know know know know know know surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near - you you you you you you know like so um well Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows oshows oshows oshows oshows oshows J a a a a a a statue to K, killed by Boris um okay well okay you you you you you you know in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk milk milk milk milk milk so you know I mean I mean um craving craving craving craving craving craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido Witbooi kido kido kido kido kido kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi okay you you you you you you know I mean so so di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well so ) was founded in 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Aleppo, Aleppo, Aleppo, Aleppo, Aleppo, you know uh you know I mean uh Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean you know Park in England, England, England, England, England, England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to well well well well well well like um uh uh Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility the facility the facility the facility the the the the the the facility the facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 000 000 000 000 000 spectators, well I mean like you know you you you you you you know and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean okay the Island, such as as as as as as the Camp Academia site situated at well you know like like like like like like you know um elevation 541 m in upper Huron Huron Huron Huron Huron Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area I mean you know like well uh uh uh uh uh uh that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by by by by by by a group like okay um um uh sung sung sung sung sung sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still you know know know know know know like um I mean I mean a teenager and studied studied studied studied studied studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching I I I I I I mean so okay you know okay Conference in Halifax Halifax Halifax Halifax Halifax Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp okay so so so so so so I mean so so and paper Industry awards; awards; awards; awards; awards; awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was was was was was was cast so like so uh so as Chekov almost immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately immediately primarily because of his well so okay okay I mean resemblance resemblance resemblance resemblance resemblance resemblance to British actor / musician Davy Jones of um um um um um um so so like um the Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry Roddenberry Roddenberry Roddenberry Roddenberry Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of US so so so so so so okay um I mean uh counties with a county police department called called called called called called the Union County I mean you know like like like like like like I mean like Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the uh I I I I I I mean uh okay um Cayuga and Iroquois homelands, destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying 40 - 50 villages, so okay um um you know know know know know know including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a a a a a a okay well well okay um French historian of religion, best best best best best best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known known known known known known you know so so okay um as England today was several several several several several several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton like I mean I mean you know so and Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues rock okay you you you you you you know I mean um okay band Derek and the Dominos, as as as as as as the thirteenth okay like so so okay track from from from from from from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's like like I I I I I I mean well well Gin, 101 - 105 on March 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, with okay uh so so uh their import Paul McCracken McCracken McCracken McCracken McCracken McCracken scoring 45 points, his partner, uh like I mean you know know know know know know you know 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather similar well well well well well well so um okay like in structure, but have have have have have have different letter shapes, so ISCII encodes you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father father father father father father well you know you know um like died in in in in in in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, okay um you know know know know know know well okay the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, so so so so so so well so you know like covering a varied array array array array array array of female forms and expressing many different like like like like like like like so well I mean emotions. In France, was was was was was was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in um um um um um um um well uh well 1991, and won by The United States, States, States, States, States, States, I mean like I mean so uh though it and and and and and and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development development development development development development you know um um like I mean of the Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur okay okay okay well so - - - - - - Helpe; it does this through nature conservation, like like like like like like uh well I mean you know environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on stage stage stage stage stage stage after I mean okay uh uh um a a a a a a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who so like like like like like like like uh like prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned returned returned returned returned returned to the you know you know uh you know I I I I I I mean team, becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 1154 1154 1154 1154 1154 I mean okay well you know well as a form of of of of of of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as you know know know know know know you know you know okay I mean she had had had had had had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to to to to to to alter I mean like well so um the track and and and and and and require quick reactions to get on the right okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean so course, while Simulation racing racing racing racing racing racing games might include tire wear well like you know know know know know know so well or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although although although although although although so uh uh okay I mean the Code was not not not not not not established until 1685, the Code Noir like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh I mean forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co Co Co Co Co Co like like uh okay uh. He was a founder founder founder founder founder founder in 1831 of the Bank of I mean I I I I I I mean I mean well so Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD you you you you you you know um so well well (maiden; born 1933) is is is is is is an American civic leader, notably, from so you know I I I I I I mean so so 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical classical classical classical classical classical composer and also composes like well okay uh so so so so so so for anime, he is mostly known in the west well well well well well well like well um okay for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it was further speculated that she had been drinking prior to so so so so so so you know like I mean uh the accident, however, according according according according according according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin engine, twin twin twin twin twin twin engine, twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 2 2 2 2 2 with uh like you know okay uh Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of the the the the the the actions uh I mean well you know well well well well well well taken by the ego, unlike the morality like um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks eleven peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser um so you know uh well is the highest highest highest highest highest highest peak on the Leuser Range um well you you you you you you know I mean uh (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre okay like I mean uh like in 1974; construction construction construction construction construction construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA the USA the USA the USA USA USA USA USA USA the USA the USA Track & Field has been inducting inducting inducting inducting inducting inducting members into so like I mean like well the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous in in in in in in the okay okay I mean uh um western portion, portion, portion, portion, portion, portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World after World after World after World after World after after after after after after World War II, there were extensive changes to the the the the the the you know okay so okay uh territorial extent of Poland, following following following following following following the decision taken at I mean so um like so the the the the the the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno like like like like like like so um okay I mean Junior College, where he was was was was was was recruited by so uh well you know like several several several several several several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club the club the club the club the the the the the the club the club started up a second team in um um um um um um um um like okay 2009 and this has has has has has has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head so uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh coach of the Florida Gators Gators Gators Gators Gators Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free uh well like like like like like like uh so France and Vichy France were fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting over Syria; one of okay like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of I I I I I I mean you know you know like um the 'Peace 'Peace 'Peace 'Peace 'Peace 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial um well you you you you you you know like well law, organized a local vigilante group, and decreed decreed decreed decreed decreed decreed um um so like uh that blacks within the city city city city city city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his um like like like like like like uh uh um career at League Two club Bradford City, City, City, City, City, City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of of of of of of okay so I mean like okay snack shops in South South South South South South Wales and is a keen singer um um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest contest contest contest contest contest you know like okay I mean okay at Pontins in in in in in in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the safe safe safe safe safe safe well well um well I mean voyage of Virgil to Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, which suggests the daring of okay well like I I I I I I mean um the earliest mariners, and the boldness of of of of of of okay like okay uh well men in overcoming difficulties set by by by by by by Nature, which is you know you know um um um um um um um so poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of so so so so so so like well well you know social debate at the time, time, time, time, time, time, leading the New Left to like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics politics politics politics politics politics divisions like uh like I mean well as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is is is is is is the uh well so well like only Australian racing driver driver driver driver driver driver to win Australia's two most like like okay um um um um um um so prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most most most most most most I mean um so okay like frequently used constraint - - - - - - based model in literature and the like well um like like like like like like you know first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) was a you know okay so you know well church church church church church church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a book okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um well on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his I I I I I I mean okay you know so um political articles, but believed believed believed believed believed believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced he divorced he divorced he divorced he divorced divorced divorced divorced divorced divorced he divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well okay previous attempt at divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started pPDA started pPDA started pPDA started pPDA started started started started started started pPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre um uh okay um well de formation des journalistes journalistes journalistes journalistes journalistes journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained like well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the well so so so so so so I mean like you know Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a complex complex complex complex complex complex like well well so so consisting of two indoor arenas arenas arenas arenas arenas arenas and a beach volleyball stadium well well uh uh uh uh uh uh well like that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing issuing issuing issuing issuing issuing a I mean so uh like like below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like um have come out, still praising them them them them them them for their bravery, I mean you know like um um um um um um well instead he acknowledges how coming out may not always be be be be be be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though though though though though though they um okay um um so are opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the the the the the the Japanese okay uh I mean I mean uh imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital I I I I I I mean like you know I mean well in the the the the the the late 8th century until the rise of so so so so so so um okay I mean okay the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained trained trained trained trained trained well uh well like well singers, and the use use use use use use of spectacle as a replacement for so like well um um um um um um well dramatic purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in in in in in in so like well okay so Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about about about about about about well okay like well well him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls like like like like like like you know well so you know and snakes, and forest forest forest forest forest forest clearance may lead to local habitat loss, you know know know know know know like like I mean well but this is is is is is is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, like like like like like like so uh uh like to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office but but but but but but well so um well well with a change in in in in in in routine - instead of ignoring okay okay okay so so so so so so so the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and and and and and and like like you know so well ski jumping, and after the the the the the the Olympics will remain a I mean you know okay like like like like like like well public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when Antiochus when when when when when when Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were you you you you you you know like so so you know largely pro-Seleucid, but the the the the the the High Priestly family was split by I mean so so so so so so I mean um okay rivalry, and one member, member, member, member, member, member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some after some after some after some after some some some some some some after some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi you you you you you you know um um okay well moved on to to to to to to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working um well well well well well well so so you know in a Roman milieu where late late late late late late - Rococo of um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as so um um um um um um you know I mean uh Apparition, and and and and and and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, in 1983, in 1983, in 1983, in 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, in 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as as as as as as it so um um you know you know know know know know know adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place well I I I I I I mean I mean uh um of 'F - - - - - - O - R - D' I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh lettering on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones like like like like like like uh so so um worked with many musicians who were great talents talents talents talents talents talents in their own right, um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter matter matter matter matter matter I mean you know uh okay you know requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability patentability patentability patentability patentability patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) david (Gruber) david (Gruber) david (Gruber) david david david david david david (Gruber) david (Gruber) Allen is an American television television television television television television and film actor okay I mean well uh I I I I I I mean and comedian, who has been credited in many many many many many many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships I mean you you you you you you know you know like I mean of the United States States States States States States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well you know by Richard Dawkins using memetics, memetics, memetics, memetics, memetics, memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy uh I mean uh um like like like like like like with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um well still managed to give give give give give give the order to submerge, in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely although extremely although extremely although extremely although extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in in in in in in Canada, you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean like however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal the um um um um um um so like well I mean resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in launched in launched in launched in launched launched launched launched launched launched in launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and and and and and and Dan I mean you know like uh like Pelson, Word Word Word Word Word Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this notably, this this this this this this notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so well America, America, America, America, America, America, and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one you know I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by by by by by by the engineer Maggi uh okay uh so um and and and and and and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington uh okay well you know uh claimed Elioak as home home home home home home while they served in World okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh like so War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so okay Lucas probable prime, so it is either either either either either either prime or it well so so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of of of of of of uh I mean so well like the bin Laden Laden Laden Laden Laden Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was the the the the the the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is he is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM KLM KLM KLM KLM KLM I mean you know like okay like and Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay uh for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called called called called called called 'The Stanford so like um like okay Protocol', first first first first first first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata uh so okay uh like Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which which which which which which is said to um I mean well um well well well well well well mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer like like like like like like well um uh uh south - western Sydney suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Washington, um um so you know so in May May May May May May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben when Ben when Ben when Ben when when when when when when Ben when Ben goes to parent's night at her her her her her her class, so you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros Occidental) Occidental) Occidental) Occidental) Occidental) Occidental) uh like well I mean so is a retired boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer from the Philippines, who competed in the uh well you you you you you you know I mean you know light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like you know health care providers providers providers providers providers providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and and and and and and those uh well so okay you know who do not not not not not not is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension suspension bridge designs, in uh okay okay um okay particular, the the the the the the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which has uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know so been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final final final final final final consonants; this method I mean I mean um like like like like like like well of writing has is no longer used used used used used used in modern written Khmer, so so you know you know like but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though like like like like like like I mean so well um updated catalysts and foaming technology have have have have have have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and and and and and and a um so um uh well message concerning a a a a a a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the like well well well well well well okay well like Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down down down down down down in uh well okay well well Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for for for for for for um well um well um Rio de Janeiro to to to to to to request aid, but the central government was okay you know know know know know know so I mean so unable to render much much much much much much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she when she when she when she when she she she she she she when she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's I I I I I I mean um well I mean you know (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while um uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know arguing with Tyrone, she throws plates plates plates plates plates plates at the wall and even okay I mean okay like like like like like like okay destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those of those of those of those those those those those those of those of those faces the two southernmost are are are are are are unused: all trains I mean so you know so like like like like like like use the Up and Down main lines, the Down okay okay okay okay okay okay like so okay well loop being reversible, which allows Up services services services services services services to well uh I mean like so depart depart depart depart depart depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was it was it was it was was was was was was it was it was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his his his his his his okay I mean so I mean okay allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from like like like like like like you know so well like Sydney in 1793, but his plant material material material material material material remained with him so like so you know I I I I I I mean for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills kills kills kills kills kills Mandy, takes uh okay well um well his body, kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take take take take take take him okay I mean I mean like you you you you you you know to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent tobias Vincent tobias Vincent tobias Vincent tobias Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an I I I I I I mean uh um um um American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a you know know know know know know okay I mean um well van with Arabic slogans outside outside outside outside outside outside of national broadcasting I mean okay you know um um um um um um uh company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via via via via via via you know okay um you know um the gates under under under under under under the Troitksaya tower, except for like okay you know know know know know know so uh those who wish to visit the Armoury Armoury Armoury Armoury Armoury Armoury chamber and the uh like so so well Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next the next the next the next the next the the the the the the next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox Fox Fox Fox Fox Fox well like uh like okay to come as his guest guest guest guest guest guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox I mean like like like like like like you know um uh had been impressed by by by by by by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted farley predicted farley predicted farley predicted farley farley farley farley farley farley predicted farley predicted large landslides in both, and was was was was was was responsible for uh I mean okay like um pulling pulling pulling pulling pulling pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up next up next up next up next up up up up up up next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier 'Bandolier - 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for for for for for for iPad, iPhone well you know well uh like and and and and and and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells the story story story story story story of so uh um I mean you know the making making making making making making of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use like like like like like like okay well well you know and production became became became became became became sourced to several manufactures to meet the well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well defense needs on several several several several several several aircraft after the unacceptability of I mean um like I I I I I I mean uh both locally and remote periscopically sighted sighted sighted sighted sighted sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established established established established established established in you know uh you know um like 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League League League League League League since so well I mean like like its its its its its its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry to to to to to to okay okay so like I mean the Malaysian Cup, Cup, Cup, Cup, Cup, Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify for I mean you you you you you you know so okay well the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island pelican Island pelican Island pelican Island Island Island Island Island Island pelican Island pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers summers summers summers summers summers and short, like um I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld handheld handheld handheld handheld handheld okay I mean I mean like you know game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites internet sites internet sites internet sites internet internet internet internet internet internet sites internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are are are are are are so um like well um more prone to certain certain certain certain certain certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know fever, although academic centers have noted that that that that that that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, I mean I mean uh okay you know know know know know know Twitter and Instagram, with social - first campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns so like so okay I mean such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Me Me Me Me Me Some um uh so you know well Starlight' the title was was was was was was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship championship championship championship championship championship at Wentworth by you know so I mean you you you you you you know okay one stroke he carded a -6 -6 -6 -6 -6 -6 66 final round to beat I mean so uh okay um um um um um um Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University University University University University University I mean I mean uh like uh of Sydney; Sydney; Sydney; Sydney; Sydney; Sydney; living very simply and it has been you know well well well well well well okay well uh recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also well um um um um um um like I mean um the Abbot, and after death death death death death death is afforded um I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to well so so so so so so like uh I mean refer to som heter shukri och och och och och och äe pirat customary international law um so like okay so and and and and and and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by you you you you you you know uh like um like local journalist William Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield who was promoting the idea I mean I mean um um um um um um so well of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then then then then then then uh like uh well okay owned by the Heart of of of of of of the Earth survival school, associated with well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like the American Indian Movement, who who who who who who floated a plan I mean I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean well in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who who who who who who uh well uh okay um appeared up on on on on on on the TitanTron and told Batista so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay that if he wanted to to to to to to come to 'SmackDown' and face okay so I mean you you you you you you know you know him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of of of of of of four, so okay so uh um the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director like you you you you you you know okay I mean um in 1993, changing changing changing changing changing changing his surname to Russell in 1994 like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an like like like like like like so uh I mean well ethnic cleansing operation against the the the the the the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile exile exile exile exile exile in uh you know um like like Elba Victor accompanied accompanied accompanied accompanied accompanied accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second like like like like like like uh I mean um you know restoration following the the the the the the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to you you you you you you know um um okay uh arrest Palpatine, but he he he he he he is accused of before I mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh okay you know Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an after an after an after an after an an an an an an after an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, okay so so so so so so okay so uh it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle like like like like like like I mean so well uh Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Horn Horn Horn Horn Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is is is is is is staffed by you know uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had he had he had he had he he he he he he had he had his first lead role in 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino Man' (1992) like uh so uh um and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original the original the original the original the original original original original original original the original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay uh was in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, merchants, merchants, merchants, merchants, merchants, two from uh I mean well you know so so so so so so nearby town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do um like I I I I I I mean like you know her no good for wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's like I mean uh um um um um um um you know soldiers will find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development development development development development development I mean I mean well so like of vocabulary and language language language language language language skills, lower - status groups tend so okay like like like like like like like I mean to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know I mean the GDST to provide provide provide provide provide provide boarding accommodation; a result of the um well well you know know know know know know okay merger that created the Royal High in you you you you you you know um so uh you know 1998, when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The The The The The The uh okay um okay I mean White Swan - as as as as as as well as a post office, 'The you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years years years years years years of well you know you know so so construction, construction, construction, construction, construction, construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, and occupies okay so so like you you you you you you know a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he he was he was promoted to major and transferred to to to to to to Italy so so so okay okay to command 28 28 28 28 28 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands lands lands lands lands lands well so well um okay on the planetoid and Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Dallas, Executive I mean well well I mean so so so so so so Officer Kane, and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate investigate investigate investigate investigate investigate and okay I mean so uh um discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt christopher christopher christopher christopher christopher christopher Blauvelt christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and and and and and and features I mean um like okay well a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las the Las the Las the Las Las Las Las Las Las the Las the Las Vegas Valley is home to to to to to to okay well like well you know various suburban master planned planned planned planned planned planned communities that include extensive like um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck I mean um um um um um um um well okay and Company in the installation department department department department department department from March 1948 to so so okay I mean um um um um um um September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L well well well well well well like like so okay. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the the the the the the 1980's in like you know uh um I mean music music music music music music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in Kenya where you you you you you you know okay uh I mean you know know know know know know an entire tribe in the village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um like who he who saught to to to to to to stop he lowers his okay um okay so well gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it though it though it though it though though though though though though it though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many many many many many many maintain uh um you know uh so that it was a a a a a a device created out of tradition and okay you know know know know know know well um uh need. , 'hammock' comes from the word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, like like like like like like like okay I mean okay to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st Duke of Albany (son um uh you know so so so so so so so of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the during the during the during the the the the the the during the during the harvest season, the village transforms transforms transforms transforms transforms transforms into a beehive I mean I mean so you you you you you you know so of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, sellers, sellers, sellers, sellers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Breslau, Breslau, Breslau, Breslau, Breslau, you know um so so I mean Germany ( now now now now now now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay 1990 in Amsterdam ) was a German sociologist sociologist sociologist sociologist sociologist sociologist whose work okay uh so okay you know focused focused focused focused focused focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit in okay well like I mean I mean downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh um around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway Highway Highway Highway Highway Highway 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean real conflicts in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served served served served served served as the I mean like well well uh Chief of Staff Staff Staff Staff Staff Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has has has has has has so um you know um you know trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures pastures pastures pastures pastures pastures enclosed I mean well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay by high - tech, electrified fencing that that that that that that is easily and so uh okay like um daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well of Southern California Advanced Periodontics Periodontics Periodontics Periodontics Periodontics Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay um um very unusual and unique unique unique unique unique unique feature, a stream running along either well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh side of Fore Street, one of which eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually I mean I mean like so okay flows into the the the the the the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer killer killer killer killer killer was 6 uh okay so okay well well well well well well '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing you you you you you you know like um so like a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track uh I I I I I I mean okay um like from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with you you you you you you know I mean well okay um her parents, older older older older older older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles so okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage 'cottage 'cottage 'cottage 'cottage 'cottage cheese' dates back to so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean 1831 and is believed to have originated originated originated originated originated originated because so well um okay um the simple cheese was was was was was was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press the press the press the press the press press press press press press the press gang, a group of 10 - you know know know know know know well you know you know okay 12 men, men, men, men, men, men, led by an officer, would roam the well well uh um I I I I I I mean streets looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen seamen seamen seamen seamen seamen were particularly so um uh like um prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class the E-class the E-class the E-class E-class E-class E-class E-class E-class the E-class the E-class carriages were slowly phased phased phased phased phased phased out of service from well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh like the 1980's as part of the 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New 'New Deal' reforms of you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh so passenger rail operations, with the last regular train train train train train train they like okay so you know uh worked being being being being being being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare david Hare david Hare david Hare david Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare Hare david Hare is often noted for his critical well so so so so so so so okay okay views of British society (2, 3), and although although although although although although 'Amy's I mean I mean so um so so so so so so View' is certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Railways Railways Railways Railways Railways Railways okay um like okay uh and in that capacity had charge charge charge charge charge charge of the organization like uh well so uh and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, pleople pleople pleople pleople pleople pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of so so so so so so like you know like you know the multimedia revolution revolution revolution revolution revolution revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional arts you you you you you you know um um like okay of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and and and and and and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals um like like like like like like so you know I mean and influential activists as as as as as as well as by the artistic uh um like like like like like like so so and political sphere, and the many contributors contributors contributors contributors contributors contributors to you know um well so um the ideology collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 on 16 on 16 on 16 on 16 16 16 16 16 16 on 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the the the the the the Naval you know like like you know so so so so so so Review of 160 warships at Spithead in I mean I I I I I I mean okay so I mean celebration of the Silver Silver Silver Silver Silver Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - - - - - - montagny - en - Vexin is a village uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like okay in Picardie 'région' (France); it it it it it it takes its name from you know okay uh like um Vexin, Vexin, Vexin, Vexin, Vexin, Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion uh I I I I I I mean well well I mean RMB (around 40 billion billion billion billion billion billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a in a in a in a in a a a a a a in a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called called called called called called like like you know I mean uh protectionism protectionism protectionism protectionism protectionism protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade trade trade trade trade trade and well like well uh uh that supports supports supports supports supports supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the so um okay like like like like like like okay show until her departure from STV on 15 15 15 15 15 15 um so I mean I mean so May 2009, shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly before the programme is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably arguably arguably arguably arguably arguably the like so um okay like most generous generous generous generous generous generous afforded by the United States to a uh um like like like like like like you know you know Native group, and point out that that that that that that some of you know um like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean the largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel uh okay like um you know in its Historic Hotels of of of of of of America program and you know okay uh okay like like like like like like the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users most users most users most users most most most most most most users most users of PEMF therapy learn about about about about about about the device um you know um so well and purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and you you you you you you know so I mean like like published she was was was was was was known to be present at her husband's you know I mean so so so so so so uh well investment ceremony at Westminster Hall and may may may may may may have been called um so I mean uh like like like like like like 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter reporter reporter reporter reporter reporter at Steven I mean I mean I mean like uh Brill's Brill's Brill's Brill's Brill's Brill's 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine I mean you know like I mean uh showed that that that that that that at least the 14 men mentioned in the parish parish parish parish parish parish okay you know I mean okay you know know know know know know registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to well you you you you you you know uh you know okay the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State newport State newport State newport State newport State State State State State State newport State Airport is one of six active active active active active active airports well well um uh uh operated by the Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other um so I mean so so so so so so like five being T. F. Green State Airport, North North North North North North Central well so you know okay so State State State State State State Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only the only the only the only the the the the the the only the only surival for the crew is okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like well to escape using a different DST, DST, DST, DST, DST, DST, placed in a I mean uh I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh remote location, much of the crew are lost or or or or or or okay I mean so so um killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since 2011, since since since since since since 2011, since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh I mean - Italy mobile company, company, company, company, company, company, and has appeared in many well well well um so so so so so so commercials with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 Ghenea became the so um so you know you know know know know know know image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not though not though not though not though though though though though though not though not powerful in the way of action, I I I I I I mean well well like um Ma - Ti's power is is is is is is considered by some to be the well like you you you you you you know like uh most important, for it keeps the Planeteers together together together together together together and okay uh uh you know like helps them to be be be be be be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, uh so so so so so so uh okay well 'Shäwshe Chù', is derived from the the the the the the Southern Tutchone like you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in the the the the the the you know like you know so okay 59th minute of of of of of of their match against England in the so you know well well well well well well so I mean group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- -- -- -- -- -- well um well I mean like 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, the population decreased like you know I mean um um um um um um I mean almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach reach reach reach reach reach its uh I mean so you know you know former former former former former former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in in in in in in doubles okay you know like uh um (20) and ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted you know I mean you you you you you you know I mean well a 5x5 game with five doubles, three three three three three three runs scored and well like well I I I I I I mean well three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well well metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), which was cut to um like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became well um um um um um um I mean I mean okay a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of of of of of of the Narew River uh well I mean well uh that that that that that that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - kick - kick - kick - kick kick kick kick kick kick - kick - off was preceeded by performances including including including including including including okay uh uh I mean I mean Kate Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well like World Cup), the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due largely due largely due largely due largely due largely largely largely largely largely largely due to the poor economic conditions of New well okay I I I I I I mean well I mean Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' Record' Record' Record' Record' Record' sputtered like uh uh so so along, foundered foundered foundered foundered foundered foundered and was revived numerous times during the I mean um um um um um um uh uh you know 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in in in in in in okay like well I mean okay the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value may uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um you know be replaced with a a a a a a single empty group using two consecutive I mean like um um um um um um like um colons (: : ), but the substitution may may may may may may only be okay okay I mean well okay applied applied applied applied applied applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated situated situated situated situated situated at the okay I mean you know I mean so so so so so so confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately halfways halfways halfways halfways halfways halfways between you know okay you know so uh Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from like like like like like like so well okay well both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as as as as as as like like you know like okay commander commander commander commander commander commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle you know know know know know know so well well so of Elchingen and later the Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of Ulm, and I mean um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at so so so so so so so so I mean I mean Mackay Stadium in Reno on on on on on on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with okay uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well the Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however however however however however however the teams so okay you know um okay did did did did did did not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders Raiders Raiders Raiders Raiders Raiders well well um okay um was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that that that that that that so so okay well like as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) well okay okay you know okay and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / / / / / / Singer well you know I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen uh well well well well well well um uh I mean many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist physicist physicist physicist physicist physicist at you know uh I mean so okay the Department Department Department Department Department Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics um so so so so so so you know so uh at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey honey honey honey honey honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has polo has polo has polo has polo has polo polo polo polo polo polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both both both both both both of well I mean okay well like which are are are are are are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of um um um um um um you know well you know so teaching and research laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union Union Union Union Union Union like uh well like you know (MBICU) was responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst the Matengo okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so okay farmers but in 1993 following following following following following following economic liberalisation they filed like so uh like like like like like like you know for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh is a marine fish fish fish fish fish fish native to areas near you know uh uh I I I I I I mean well Africa, that is sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late late late late late late um uh I mean okay uh 1980s by Stephen Morley, under under under under under under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit credit credit credit credit credit counseling agencies; so you know um I mean well today, there there there there there there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long I I I I I I mean I mean like like like - running 'The Legend of of of of of of Heroes', and a direct okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh sequel to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive the Olive Olive Olive Olive Olive Olive the Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' nana' ), also you know uh like um uh known as as as as as as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well by Perifel, with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to like like like like like like well uh I mean so the Earth's Last Days is is is is is is the 3rd prequel novel like um uh so you know know know know know know in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source so so so so so so okay you know you know uh of Computational Methods' Methods' Methods' Methods' Methods' Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after so like like like like like like you know uh well the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and um well well well well well well uh um um from 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Tasker Tasker Tasker Tasker Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic ageologic map or geological geological geological geological geological geological map is a special um you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay - purpose map made to show geological the strata are extremely so so so so so so well um okay uh fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he he he he he he um uh well like okay worked on newer versions of of of of of of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more more more more more more okay well like uh like or less separate separate separate separate separate separate lives, and the couple separated um uh so so so so so so you know okay completely after a last attempt to to to to to to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned returned returned returned returned returned to you know okay okay um well Des Moines, Moines, Moines, Moines, Moines, Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds mutual funds mutual funds mutual funds mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual funds mutual funds play an important role in U. S S S S S S um uh um okay I mean. Household finances; by the the the the the the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several public public public public public public collections, among like well I mean like um them, them, them, them, them, them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County like well well well well well well uh you know okay Community College Permanent Collection of of of of of of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um at al - Kum designated designated designated designated designated designated by the Ministry of Health as um I mean so so so so so so I mean you know level 1, close by by by by by by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like I mean voice, he was was was was was was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - known known known known known known was like so you know uh I mean 'Land 'Land 'Land 'Land 'Land 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account of of of of of of a you know um okay like um totalitarian society ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled ruled by telepathic mind control, cited you know like like like like like like you know like so by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the the the the the the Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh I mean the European Accord Accord Accord Accord Accord Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, from here, from here, from here, from here, here, here, here, here, here, from here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours hours hours hours hours hours like like you know well like of video footage of of of of of of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he learned to okay you know so so so so so so well I mean pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's um well um um um um um um like um primary research interests focus on automotive, environmental, and and and and and and well I mean like okay so social justice research, yet it it it it it it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he he was he was first elected to the House House House House House House of Representatives in I mean you know uh I I I I I I mean uh 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker served in um well um uh so other positions positions positions positions positions positions in the Democratic Caucus such as you know um well well well well well well um you know chairman of the Rules Committee, Committee, Committee, Committee, Committee, Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina ettore Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina Messina ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an so so so so so so uh so I mean like Italian basketball coach that that that that that that currently serves as head coach like so so like um of of of of of of CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially initially initially initially initially initially serving in you know okay okay you know um um um um um um route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan Wui Wui Wui Wui Wui Wui Cheung okay I mean you know so um Road Road Road Road Road Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its its its its its its degree um uh you know you know I mean of tameness tameness tameness tameness tameness tameness in comparison) and was competing for uh like like like like like like I mean um okay the same territory, it has has has has has has run afoul with well um I mean like so ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the in the in the in the in in in in in in the in the second week of October 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 about 42, like you know like you know like 500 500 500 500 500 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he later he later he later he later later later later later later he later he was the lead singer of the the the the the the pop band 'Mabel', like I mean uh you know okay who who who who who who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and and and and and and well like so so okay Salvador pressed for its members members members members members members to instruct the colony's so I mean like okay so delegation delegation delegation delegation delegation delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS um um um um um um I mean well um like Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in in in in in in 2006 in 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the the the the the the um you know I mean okay okay Cocteau Twins who runs runs runs runs runs runs the Bella Union label, like I mean uh um um um um um um well heard Dosen's music and as a result they worked together together together together together together on so okay um so I mean the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so uh those will be home games, games, games, games, games, games, they will also be hosting uh you know so so so so so so uh um a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre I mean so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that took took took took took took okay so okay uh so Sioux Chief Sitting Bull Bull Bull Bull Bull Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like like so a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at at at at at at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year year year year year year well so like uh okay later, in a 0 - - - - - - 1 away defeat against Santos so um okay like like like like like like so on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher Thatcher Thatcher Thatcher Thatcher Thatcher quoted well okay you know well I mean the the the the the the song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the the the the the the uh like I mean um um pipe to which the the the the the the washer is connected than that source can provide: I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well you know the water supply must must must must must must be adequate for the machine connected well okay um uh so so so so so so to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve twelve twelve twelve twelve twelve you know so well okay I mean years, the fort fort fort fort fort fort of Torey was named ELLENA I mean okay um um um um um um um okay in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, 1265, 1265, 1265, 1265, 1265, but it you know I mean well like like like like like like uh was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such um um um um um um well you know um um as Meredith G. Kline and and and and and and Henri Blocher and stands in I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like okay contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior the anterior the anterior the anterior the anterior anterior anterior anterior anterior anterior the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean okay basilar artery at the the the the the the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus the platypus the platypus the platypus the the the the the the platypus the platypus is one of the few mammals to to to to to to produce so you know I mean so like venom both male male male male male male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by by by by by by Julianne Boyd and okay I mean uh um you know know know know know know opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in in in in in in 1918, and you know um so so um in 1926 1926 1926 1926 1926 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member like like like like like like okay well um uh of the Indian classical music music music music music music family', with its roots as okay okay like okay um um um um um um a folk instrument having a legendary background to so well well well well well well I mean so so the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - 'Eazy - 'Eazy - 'Eazy - - - - - - 'Eazy - 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a a a a a a single by late um okay so so I mean rapper rapper rapper rapper rapper rapper Eazy - E, from his album of like you know know know know know know I mean like like the same name, 'Eazy - - - - - - Duz - It', that uh okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( ( ( ( ( ( mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden um I I I I I I mean so well uh towers' ) is a name that that that that that that the Greeks of the well like I mean you you you you you you know like Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the like like like like like like like um I mean like 1960's as a means means means means means means to pool resources and share facilities, um so I I I I I I mean like okay instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the the the the the the Wallops Island okay well like uh uh Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) 2015) 2015) 2015) 2015) 2015) was so you know I mean like um a a a a a a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo divadlo divadlo divadlo divadlo divadlo uh um uh so so Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature Literature Literature Literature Literature Literature every year um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of of of of of of commercial I mean well uh uh you know and critical critical critical critical critical critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' and 'Drona', leading okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February in February in February in February in February February February February February February in February 2010, part - way through the West West West West West West um so like so um Indies cricket season, Powell withdrew from from from from from from Jamaica's squad for 'personal okay you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh well reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the after the after the after the after the after after after after after after the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial uh I I I I I I mean like um um to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, the so so so so so so so okay like well name was not retired and was re-used re-used re-used re-used re-used re-used during the I mean like okay like I mean 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the landing landing landing landing landing landing at like um like uh um Gallipoli, and fought fought fought fought fought fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls separate polls separate polls separate polls separate separate separate separate separate separate polls separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further well well well well well well I mean you know you know you know know know know know know below while polling of individual constituencies and groups of of of of of of them (such so you know like uh you know know know know know know as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading leading leading leading leading leading uh like I mean like uh the league with a. 328 328 328 328 328 328 average, but a 3 okay okay okay I mean like like like like like like - for - 32 slump in the middle middle middle middle middle middle of so okay well so like September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco deMarco Murray deMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in in in in in in you know well well well you know Las Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses you you you you you you know uh um so you know and 9, 250 houses, left left left left left left of standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two well like well well well well well well um well seasons, the first, a 15 - episode episode episode episode episode episode 11th okay I mean okay I mean okay season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border like like like like like like like um you know you know of Austria, at at at at at at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - like you know know know know know know I mean um okay Inquart, the latter communique having having having having having having been arranged after like you know I mean I I I I I I mean you know the troops had begun to march, so as as as as as as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain America well uh uh I mean so in', in', in', in', in', in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling so I I I I I I mean I mean like well themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these these these these these these lakes are filled well you know um uh so via via via via via via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, with you know well you know so so four four four four four four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean of them killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning so okay like like like like like like you know uh the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the so um um um um um um I mean so uh parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards anne Edwards anne Edwards anne Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards anne Edwards anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', Callas', Callas', Callas', Callas', Callas', 2001 okay um um um you know ) claims claims claims claims claims claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle I mean I I I I I I mean like um you know Onassis, and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie while Sookie while Sookie while Sookie while while while while while while Sookie while Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also also also also also also investigating well so I mean uh you know Purifoy's Purifoy's Purifoy's Purifoy's Purifoy's Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's cause you know so okay okay you know of 'delivering 'delivering 'delivering 'delivering 'delivering 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and so so so so so so um so I mean uh Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take take take take take take um so so well you know the boy, but but but but but but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his his his his his his okay I mean I mean I mean uh visit to to to to to to Mysore State in 1932 while, he so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh visited Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay like like in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award Award Award Award Award Award uh uh well um so by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving also a Lady like well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so Davis Fellowship at the Hebrew University in 2006 and and and and and and so um so um okay also 2012, as well well well well well well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally I I I I I I mean you know um so okay occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig karl Ludwig karl Ludwig karl Ludwig karl karl karl karl karl karl Ludwig karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von von von von von von Prel, or, so uh uh so I mean in in in in in in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um okay okay du Prel (April 3, 1839 1839 1839 1839 1839 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents parents parents parents parents parents and um I mean I mean so so one one one one one one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 their 1988 their 1988 their 1988 their their their their their their 1988 their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 2 2 2 2 2 - um well I mean uh like 1' was a more more more more more more guitar based pop album that I mean um well like like like like like like okay also became a smash hit sending the hits hits hits hits hits hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering a stroke I mean like uh I mean you know in in in in in in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean company listed in the the the the the the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the companies so like like like like like like you know um you know involvement in N. Africa and North North North North North North East Asia, before retiring due well uh well well well well well well well I mean to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold uh I I I I I I mean okay you know you know as as as as as as much textual importance as the things ( 'les 'les 'les 'les 'les 'les choses' uh um well I mean okay ) meticulously described throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, which are the subject like okay okay you know know know know know know uh of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough um um um um um um um so like okay of Wigan, Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss okay okay okay I I I I I I mean uh near the foothills of the West Pennine Pennine Pennine Pennine Pennine Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty I I I I I I mean like so uh okay in the first two two two two two two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - okay like well well well well well well well so 1886; 1886 - 1892), and and and and and and as Secretary of State well um like okay like for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike um um um um um um um uh so okay in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and and and and and and so um so you know um as as as as as as of 2007, the list of regencies and like well well well well well well like okay I mean cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 000 000 000 000 000 you know you know like well well € plus 200, 200, 200, 200, 200, 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a 3 like like like like like like like you know you know so - year contract on on on on on on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine fine fine fine fine fine pair uh uh um um I mean of 'jorts' 'jorts' 'jorts' 'jorts' 'jorts' 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New Jersey like uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive than the well so well like I mean lion, lion, lion, lion, lion, lion, their struggle became more like that of dogs um um um um um um okay I mean okay okay unable to beat beat beat beat beat beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th century, so like so well uh among his his his his his his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie lie lie lie lie lie uh well okay like so completely within the region; region; region; region; region; region; the southern portion of well okay uh okay um Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional territory is also in the region -- its its its its its its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences I I I I I I mean so okay I mean so that found form form form form form form in their architect a congregational space that uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know was used chiefly for ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage the the the the the the like okay uh like well play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, California for well I mean like like uh Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed backed backed backed backed backed like like well so uh him against the other main main main main main main party on the Privy so I mean uh I mean well well well well well well Council, headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he he he he he he so so well like well wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in so so so so so so so um like so the dam on its upstream heel when when when when when when the you know okay okay like like reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) 1996) 1996) 1996) 1996) 1996) uh well uh so uh was born as the second son son son son son son of Reynold Lambert uh like um like uh Eustace Eustace Eustace Eustace Eustace Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus um um um um um um uh so well um effects' on its vocals created created created created created created and a 'moody' I mean well I mean well well well well well well um production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues Jerrimatt's glues glues glues glues glues glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of his brothers well well well well well well like I mean okay I mean make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October um I I I I I I mean like you know like 2001) was a British television television television television television television channel owned and operated by um uh I mean you know know know know know know uh Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations operations operations operations operations operations well um so you know I mean with little little little little little little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention to I I I I I I mean so so okay you know the electrified commuter lines lines lines lines lines lines they began operating on January well so okay well well well well well well I mean 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - um um um um um um well like so okay based Eagle Hills and he also also also also also also acts as a you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would tyson would tyson would tyson would tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson would tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round round round round round round you know uh um okay so 5 and, with a a a a a a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid Pyramid Pyramid Pyramid Pyramid Pyramid well you know uh okay I mean - consumers at the the the the the the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs programs programs programs programs programs in actuarial okay well um well like science, and and and and and and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework schedules so so so so so so well uh I mean uh and series of exam preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that I I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean okay Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano you know like well okay well (located (located (located (located (located (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for uh um um um um um um uh you know I mean about 2 - 3 3 3 3 3 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called called called called called called 'La I mean uh okay I mean okay Manuelita' Manuelita' Manuelita' Manuelita' Manuelita' Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean you know Trosterud, she then then then then then then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up well so like like like like like like uh I mean to December 1999, and then in January January January January January January 2000 signed a um I mean so like you know know know know know know contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and and and and and and booklet of music so well like uh uh performed performed performed performed performed performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an an an an an an okay you know you know like like irresistibly stylish stylish stylish stylish stylish stylish piece. Rk and rk and rk and rk and rk rk rk rk rk rk and rk and inspiration since uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um the late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten well well well well well well like you know um like with the courses, courses, courses, courses, courses, courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah Judah Judah Judah Judah Judah line of well like uh like um San Francisco's Muni Metro Metro Metro Metro Metro Metro and the Caltrain rail uh well um I I I I I I mean you know system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently currently currently currently currently currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide provide provide provide provide provide priests, like uh so okay well temples, sacrifices for for for for for for other deities and it was for like I mean well uh well this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are are are are are are uh okay well well well frequently positive correlated; however, in in in in in in some oceanic islands, like so well uh um there there there there there there is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, you you you you you you know so well you know well but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses Muses Muses Muses Muses Muses okay well um um okay on the eastern slopes of of of of of of Mount Helicon uh okay okay well you know know know know know know began in the 6th century B. C. Its like like like like like like uh um like I mean greatest period began from from from from from from the 3rd century B. C I mean um um um um um um uh uh so. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant The The The The The The like well okay you know okay Cinema Museum a volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer volunteer - run museum with well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star star star star star star well okay I mean I mean like in in in in in in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales Tales true Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Straight Straight Straight Straight Straight Women I mean um you know so so and Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean I mean Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on on on on on on May okay like so uh um 28, 2017 for having having having having having having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA MA MA MA MA MA rating is recognized well uh you know well like as one one one one one one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's okay um you you you you you you know well well modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every every every every every every harvest you know uh uh um you know for for for for for for 40 years or more', but Red Fife is well well you you you you you you know uh I mean a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married married married married married married to the you know well um well uh daughter of of of of of of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of Palatinate, and and and and and and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a as a as a as a as a as as as as as as a first - year law student in you you you you you you know I mean uh um uh 1891, Crawford (with (with (with (with (with (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just so you know know know know know know uh well so placed the home for sale and then then then then then then gone out so so you know okay um of town, town, town, town, town, town, and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake okay okay well well well well well well like you know have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered the Juruena uh well uh well you know river, river, river, river, river, river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an an an an an an important okay well well so okay tributary of the Tapajós river river river river river river along with the discovered the Nambikwara so uh um um um um um um I mean um tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John king John king John king John king king king king king king John king John is said to have had a palace like you you you you you you know so you know okay in Downton on one of of of of of of the islands by the uh uh like uh well Moot Moot Moot Moot Moot Moot when the palace was taken down and uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like the stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops stops stops stops stops stops you know okay um um like for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and and and and and and many people who travel in winter travel so so so so so so um uh you know uh to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced produced produced produced produced produced by Jason Colon well so you know you you you you you you know well and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs the Pechenegs Pechenegs Pechenegs Pechenegs Pechenegs Pechenegs the Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing well well well well well well so you know so okay arrows continuously, and relying on on on on on on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs turloughs with well you know uh okay okay 6 kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who who who who who who I mean well so so I mean plays plays plays plays plays plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to to to to to to prevent the um like okay um like reduction in the size size size size size size of the school's playing fields, uh like um I I I I I I mean I mean although a new food technology technology technology technology technology technology block has been built where the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, jackal, jackal, jackal, jackal, jackal, so I mean well um uh but a a a a a a distinct canid, although based only on I mean okay I I I I I I mean like okay morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle uh well well well well well well so I mean you know scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian control, like I mean okay well like strategic hills over Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka Pivka were heavily fortified and um okay so uh well included included included included included included in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched stretched stretched stretched stretched stretched so um so I mean okay from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises you know know know know know know I mean okay uh uh near Kaisariani on the slopes slopes slopes slopes slopes slopes of Mount Hymettus, and you know well uh so so so so so so like which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence machine Intelligence machine Intelligence machine Intelligence machine Intelligence Intelligence Intelligence Intelligence Intelligence Intelligence machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built into into into into into into the well I mean like so like ships' ships' ships' ships' ships' ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay phil phil phil phil phil phil Klay phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer like like like like like like okay um you know like and United States Marine officer who who who who who who won like I mean you know well you know know know know know know the National Book Award for fiction in 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 for his first uh you know um um so book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie I mean you know so uh well Chaplin in one one one one one one of his very first acting roles during its um well well well well well well I mean like you know first London production, playing playing playing playing playing playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' um like like like like like like uh like you know is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' Simpsons' Simpsons' Simpsons' Simpsons' Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally well um uh so okay airing airing airing airing airing airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try so so so so so so okay uh so um to call him to warn warn warn warn warn warn him but are confronted you know so you you you you you you know you know well by the assassin who spares spares spares spares spares spares their lives since they are I mean uh you you you you you you know um I mean not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and and and and and and so I mean you know um um most of its its its its its its then 95 employees from Brooklyn uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean to Miami Lakes in Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Florida, where he had refurbished so uh okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay a 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse and announced announced announced announced announced announced like uh uh you know like plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they there they there they there they there there there there there there they there they remained in service until the the the the the the military um uh okay okay um reforms of Nikita Nikita Nikita Nikita Nikita Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more I mean I mean well well well well well well like uh effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the the the the the the reason like you know so uh well for the extinction of of of of of of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so well apparent is her eldest grandson, Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular um uh um um um um um um uh so golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour Tour Tour Tour Tour Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and and and and and and celebration you know okay I mean well so as the residents residents residents residents residents residents join together in a community that is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, Charon, Charon, Charon, Charon, Charon, you know um uh like like here played as a a a a a a gum - chewing valley girl, who well I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is rehberger is rehberger is rehberger is rehberger rehberger rehberger rehberger rehberger rehberger is rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and and and and and and William Smith Colleges, and you know okay you know so so so so so so so previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL you you you you you you know well I mean so uh - TV Orlando, FL, FL, FL, FL, FL, FL, and was the morning uh um like like like and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered uh um so like uh in the United States States States States States States Congress and has since been invited to you know like like like like like like so well okay screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an you you you you you you know I mean um okay so official, purchased the the the the the the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the um I I I I I I mean uh well so family arranged a marriage for him him him him him him with Yao Hui, uh so like uh uh and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar you know um I I I I I I mean you know like contract ($ 100, 000 per year for for for for for for ten years), and um I mean so like so so so so so so in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um so - Elect in in in in in in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as as as as as as a list of members by so uh so like you you you you you you know band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the the the the the the main you know like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, like like like like like like I mean so like like having already won both the the the the the the Masters and U. S. Open, you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music music music music music music producer I mean so I mean uh you know and and and and and and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals of you know uh like um well American American American American American American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - - - - - - Egyptian uh uh like so like excavations at Tell Atrib Atrib Atrib Atrib Atrib Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since uh you know you know so so so so so so like 1987 he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian Egyptian I mean okay uh like I mean archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North North North North North North Carolina, United well um um you know well States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in in in in in in Baltimore, well um you know you know you know know know know know know and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to you know know know know know know you know okay well okay the Howland Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of of of of of of the like well you know I mean uh 2009/10 2009/10 2009/10 2009/10 2009/10 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be be be be be be critical okay so okay uh like to a program's performance; this this this this this this register allocation is performed either um you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by by by by by by the so well uh you know um BBC from from from from from from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred ahundred years later, later, later, later, later, later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake uh uh so so you you you you you you know completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around like like like like like like you know um well like their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, polykinetids, groups of cilia that like okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle and so well uh you know I mean former Devoto Devoto Devoto Devoto Devoto Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 15 15 15 15 15 so like well um so June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north you you you you you you know uh uh okay well east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released he released he released he released released released released released released he released he released his results within a day, day, day, day, day, day, although testimony you know okay um you know well well well well well well at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol well well well well well well um uh well okay in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides she decides she decides she decides she decides decides decides decides decides decides she decides that the next man she will try try try try try try to well um well like well seduce will be be be be be be Richard and while Trish is away invites okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest nearest nearest nearest nearest nearest railway um well well uh um station is is is is is is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at animals at animals at animals at at at at at at animals at animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep keep keep keep keep keep cool and you know you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his after his after his after his after his after after after after after after his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um um of the CFL and and and and and and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day day day day day day Cameroon, so uh I mean so like Africa; died 21 November November November November November November 1796 in Vienna) was the you know um I mean I I I I I I mean you know first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline headline headline headline headline headline so I mean well uh okay 'Sooner or later later later later later later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates okay you know uh um um um um um um so the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of well uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know its heritage, Reynolds extended his his his his his his collection to include tractors, well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh um steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was was was was was was appointed um so you know so like as the the the the the the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 well well well well well well I mean um um you know after the calvary calvary calvary calvary calvary calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 well well well well well well well okay well uh and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday on Wednesday on Wednesday on Wednesday on on on on on on Wednesday on Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked blocked blocked blocked blocked blocked the I mean so I mean I mean like front front front front front front gates of the school and forced it to I I I I I I mean okay like like like close, while officers officers officers officers officers officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so I mean advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which which which which which which okay like I mean well I mean polymerizes and and and and and and forms into an ordered filament structure which has well well you you you you you you know um well two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Durham Durham Durham Durham Durham uh uh I mean so I mean Tees Tees Tees Tees Tees Tees Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, uh uh uh uh uh uh so so you know well 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia la Familia la Familia la Familia la Familia Familia Familia Familia Familia Familia la Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in in in in in in you know okay well you know well 1997 and and and and and and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - arci - arci - arci - arci - - - - - - arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian um well like I mean so non-profit association association association association association association not linked with the Catholic Church, with so so so so so so well you know like uh 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO so so so so so so uh uh um uh Safety 'S', a Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share share share share share share okay um uh um well their vision vision vision vision vision vision for the future as keynotes, as every sector so okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh um of the evolving new music music music music music music business convenes to discuss like well well like uh their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and uh you you you you you you know well you know I mean the only craft upon which which which which which which James Murray could lay well I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh hands, the ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following the following the following the following the following following following following following following the following week, Platt announced she was going to to to to to to become you know like I mean well I mean a a a a a a presenter as well as a singer; in 2016, like well well well well well well okay like okay she will present the CBBC CBBC CBBC CBBC CBBC CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib Habib Habib Habib Habib Habib University Foundation (a not so you know you know um um um um um um so - for - profit organization) with its decision decision decision decision decision decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a a a a a a British like so so I mean um professional boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title you know um um um um um um like I mean like since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, previously previously previously previously previously previously so um so you know you know an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one of of of of of of like okay okay uh uh New Zealand's most most most most most most recognised actors on his own soil okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. He was a much loved feature of many local local local local local local so well you know so you know films made made made made made made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has like like like like like like um um um I mean allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, Morrison, however interviews have well um like like so been been been been been been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was was was was was was um uh you know um okay succeeded by an an an an an an even shorter - lived first Albanian Republic you know well well well well well well like I mean um (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed passed passed passed passed passed um you know like so like the Spooner Amendment to the the the the the the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative okay like I mean so so so so so so uh authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Los Los Los Los Los well uh um I mean well Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami, New York, Panama City, um so I mean um um um um um um well Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the the the the the the so okay like um uh Tallinn Art University ( ( ( ( ( ( today's Estonian Academy of well uh uh like I mean Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um you know the wind: ' Oh! Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh the wild free wind I mean I mean so I I I I I I mean uh is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March March March March March March well okay I mean I mean well 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in um um um um um um uh so um I mean La Jolla, California, in in in in in in the parking lot of a golf okay so um um um um um um well you know course, where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing sathers' telemarketing sathers' sathers' sathers' sathers' sathers' sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations of of of of of of you know so so so okay this process process process process process process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - rennes - rennes - rennes - rennes rennes rennes rennes rennes rennes - rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during during during during during during the so like you know um you know 6th and and and and and and 7th centuries, during the trying period when like so so um um um um um um like the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish King King King King King King Clovis well like um okay well I, and was was was was was was considered to be the center okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T T T T T T. L so you know you know um um. Kharkova (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) kharkova (ADK) kharkova (ADK) kharkova (ADK) kharkova (ADK) kharkova (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet population from like so so so so so so uh so I mean 1922 - 1991 which was was was was was was published by the Russian so okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses losses losses losses losses losses of 26. 6 million 6million 6million 6million 6million 6million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government the Government the Government the Government the the the the the the Government the Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Baldwin um you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by you know I I I I I I mean uh okay like independent MP Rob Oakeshott and and and and and and WA Nationals MP Tony uh you know uh well you know Crook, Crook, Crook, Crook, Crook, Crook, and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that are are are are are are so so so uh so many times larger and and and and and and more massive than the Sun. Such stars you know you you you you you you know um uh okay live for only a few million million million million million million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree you know I I I I I I mean okay uh uh from the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - of of of of of of you know I mean I mean um you know know know know know know - town tryouts, later saying she felt the role role role role role role was so you know I mean like um not right right right right right right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh um well fund the financial loss incurred by by by by by by any rise in the physical okay okay uh you you you you you you know like jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in however, in however, in however, in however, in in in in in in however, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations you you you you you you know um like okay um to Univision, which converted them them them them them them into Spanish language outlets; some you know um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April uh like like like like like like like I mean you know 4, 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state champion champion champion champion champion champion okay uh like like like football team, which won three three three three three three state titles in 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road so so so so so so you know like I mean I mean East in Dix Dix Dix Dix Dix Dix Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with with with with with with Dr. Berger like so so well you know and learns learns learns learns learns learns to try to confront rather than control them, he well well well well well well um like you know I mean starts dating Jeannine Jeannine Jeannine Jeannine Jeannine Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the the the the the the market like I mean uh okay like for for for for for for such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent of of of of of of so uh you know okay okay video, and publication publication publication publication publication publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not you you you you you you know you know you know okay uh join Team Prime, preferring preferring preferring preferring preferring preferring instead to travel around on well like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um his own, but he joins joins joins joins joins joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and and and and and and studied so like like so okay at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music band, band, band, band, band, band, um I mean well uh okay using their instruments he he he he he he learned music by experience and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the sudden um um um um um um um uh so okay attack and the crusade crusade crusade crusade crusade crusade force advanced toward the town of Al you know um um um um um um well uh um Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the the the the the the crusade force okay well well I mean like was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the you know know know know know know you know so so well don't pass line bet, he or or or or or or she can no well so you know like uh longer lay lay lay lay lay lay odds behind the don't pass line, um so I I I I I I mean uh well but can still lay odds on on on on on on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a separate so so so so so so you know so um um compilation phase, rather than than than than than than being directly interpreted, which allows a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton Shepperton Shepperton Shepperton Shepperton Shepperton to well you know okay so I mean the south south south south south south bank of the river a short you know you know well well well well well well you know okay walk from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated situated situated situated situated situated you know like you know I mean uh just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the the the the the the Yorkshire uh you know um well so and the Humber Humber Humber Humber Humber Humber region of England, and most is in in in in in in um like um like so the East Midlands region; region; region; region; region; region; the county is the only you know so well well well well well well uh okay in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse examples incluse examples incluse examples examples examples examples examples examples incluse examples incluse examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - - - - - - a Leopard tank I mean um well so okay with a a a a a a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive distinctive bald head, um um you know uh um full full full full full full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen sixteen so well okay okay so and twenty was found inside inside inside inside inside inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter another shorter another shorter another shorter another another another another another another shorter another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears appears appears appears appears appears in you know well uh well so 'More Friends - - - - - - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like like Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee well so well so so on Public Schools, Schools, Schools, Schools, Schools, Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network the Network the Network the Network the Network Network Network Network Network Network the Network Information Center (NIC), later known as as as as as as InterNIC, was okay uh uh like so the Internet governing governing governing governing governing governing body primarily responsible for domain name allocations from well well well well well well like you know so you know 1972 until September 18, 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 when this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt eleanor Roosevelt eleanor Roosevelt eleanor Roosevelt Roosevelt Roosevelt Roosevelt Roosevelt Roosevelt eleanor Roosevelt eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year like like like like like like so like well I mean - old girl who lives lives lives lives lives lives on Witch Tree Lane um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay and, along with the other people who live live live live live live on the okay um well um uh street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all all all all all all of the well I mean like uh you know governor's governor's governor's governor's governor's governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U. S so so so so so so you know you know I mean like. Expatriates, and and and and and and half the appointive offices in the government of Puerto uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains of of of of of of free well um uh uh okay enterprise particularly to keep keep keep keep keep keep grain lines open to the North um um like like like like like like uh well of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ashama ibn ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) well well well well well well so I mean okay so al - ­ Najāshī, Najāshī, Najāshī, Najāshī, Najāshī, Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection okay um okay okay well and and and and and and refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the like like like like like like okay uh okay well Emperor would be having a coronary coronary coronary coronary coronary coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley charlotte Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley Hatherley charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, 1979, London) is best you know um uh well so so so so so so known as being the former guitarist for Ash, okay well you you you you you you know uh so but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October um like like like like like like well uh uh 31, 1795), who assumed the name of of of of of of de you know I mean uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing north north north north north north continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder as South Pine well um uh uh uh Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan in in in in in in like okay I mean so um western attire attire attire attire attire attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative so so so so so so so okay so um Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls calls calls calls calls calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and you you you you you you know you know like uh you know knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the hands hands hands hands hands hands of uh so so uh I mean mortals or angels, angels, angels, angels, angels, angels, takes the Black Soulstone back like I I I I I I mean so uh like to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the you you you you you you know uh I mean so okay Atlantic Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his I mean well well well well well well so well like voyage, which arose from a dare with his his his his his his friends over uh um so I mean like a a a a a a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served he served he served he served he served served served served served served he served as head coach at Texas Christian University from from from from from from 1967 uh um so uh so to 1970, compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling compiling a record of 15 -- okay uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to determined to determined to determined to determined determined determined determined determined determined to determined to meet the needs of their growing okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so okay customer base, the two partners partners partners partners partners partners designed and implemented a specialized like you know um I I I I I I mean like manufacturing line -- when the first production batch batch batch batch batch batch rolled like like uh uh you know out, Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and you you you you you you know uh I mean like I mean working out of Oakley's studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, Valcourt, the you know uh like uh I mean first is is is is is is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one of only two tracks on the album to be written okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well um entirely by Bowie, it was released released released released released released as a single ahead like I mean so like like like like like like like of the album and charted in the Top Top Top Top Top Top Ten in the okay well um um um um um um um you know UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying dying dying dying dying dying in the so okay well so uh order they were meant to to to to to to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell tower well so so so so so so so so you know and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features features features features features features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most most most most most most respected men's you know well so so you know professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more more more more more more chance, but at well okay you know like like the end of of of of of of a near - perfect dinner party, okay uh so so so so so so well I mean the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New York) York) York) York) York) York) you know okay uh you know okay is an an an an an an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers I I I I I I mean you know you know uh so Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera cheryl Perera Perera Perera Perera Perera Perera cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder founder founder founder founder founder of okay like well so so OneChild, a non-governmental organization organization organization organization organization organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of of of of of of you know you know like okay you know Spanish and Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie and I mean you you you you you you know so well I mean vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin martin martin martin martin martin Laursen martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is is is is is is you know okay uh I mean I mean a retired retired retired retired retired retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading invading invading invading invading invading well well like well okay 3' strand, changing the the the the the the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League League League League League League and helped I mean um well um okay to unionize black black black black black black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike I mean um I mean so so his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, positions, positions, positions, positions, positions, you know like well you know so with with with with with with X and Y closer together than Y you know know know know know know like um so so and Z, the temporal interval between between between between between between the X and like you know okay I mean you you you you you you know Y flashes is perceived to be shorter than that that that that that that you know so like you know okay between the the the the the the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to to to to to to one of well okay okay okay um the prostitutes working working working working working working in a brothel: he has claimed uh I mean like like like like like like you know so he didn ´ t know which which which which which which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - - - - - - flight test okay so um I mean like in in in in in in 1976 when, taking off under its own power from from from from from from you know um you know um like an old dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt strip near Moscow, it was flown by I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay so pilot A. G. Festovets Festovets Festovets Festovets Festovets Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like hunting accident, to to to to to to which the former judge responded so uh like like uh uh uh uh uh uh by largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities you know know know know know know like you know you know so and Exchange Commission's Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and on uh um you you you you you you know you know well the Board of Directors of of of of of of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 well you you you you you you know uh okay like September 2016: he contributesd his his his his his his lyrics to a reworked like like so like so so so so so so version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general so so so so so so you know uh you know well medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used used used used used used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and he uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know I mean was unable unable unable unable unable unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so like took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one one one one one one could you know okay so you know so get the treasures, treasures, treasures, treasures, treasures, treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building the building the building the building the the the the the the building the building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa Bawa Bawa Bawa Bawa Bawa like you know okay so well and built with with with with with with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April uh uh you know um um um um um um like 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how how how how how how game theory would well so I mean I mean I I I I I I mean treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by I mean like um I mean like John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) ) ) ) ) ) um okay uh you know you know is a Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian professional ice hockey right winger uh well like you know know know know know know like currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well the videos, including suggestions that that that that that that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know uh and autumn of 1942 on on on on on on a link between Sicily and I mean you know um um um um um um okay so Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 so so so so so so you know uh well well and 2008, respectively, and stand stand stand stand stand stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused caused caused caused caused caused uh um I mean like well in part by by by by by by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book the book the book the book the book book book book book book the book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively relatively relatively relatively relatively relatively so uh um I mean you know small, but it it it it it it is nevertheless a key factor you you you you you you know uh like I mean okay in its economy economy economy economy economy economy - there are more than 120 publishers I mean um um um um um um like um um in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained stanton captained stanton captained stanton captained stanton captained captained captained captained captained captained stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League League League League League League Cup win okay um well well I mean and and and and and and also led them in their centenary year, but left the the the the the the well you know um so like club in 1976 when he he he he he he was transferred to Celtic um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre I I I I I I mean you know you know um well with a a a a a a science fiction theme centering on a union between you know know know know know know well uh you know uh a veteran police detective Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was he was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and and and and and and received okay uh like I mean like like like like like like from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man World World World World World World I mean um um like I mean Cup at 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 - 15 season when he had 15 so well um um um um um um um uh (from 16) podium finishes in in in in in in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in in in in in in (Jamaica, okay okay okay well uh Queens), New York York York York York York ) is an American rapper, who first you know I I I I I I mean so um I mean began rapping at the the the the the the age of 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the 'Fallout' 'Fallout' 'Fallout' 'Fallout' 'Fallout' 'Fallout' timeline like uh um um like before the the the the the the Great War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate agraduate agraduate agraduate agraduate agraduate student of of of of of of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is khan is khan is khan is khan khan khan khan khan khan is khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and um um um um um um you know so I mean um stored away with his his his his his his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG the MG the MG the MG the MG MG MG MG MG MG the MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm mm mm mm mm mm machine gun like I mean okay uh um developed by by by by by by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World you know okay well well well well well well uh so War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting like you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean their numbers and streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining the submission process, while voicing uh you know so so so so so so okay uh concerns about its business practices - in in in in in in particular the exclusivity well uh you know well well well well well well um requirement for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season in Season in Season in Season Season Season Season Season Season in Season in Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities activities activities activities activities activities and by so like I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean the end of the season is kicked off the the the the the the you know I mean you know uh well well well well well well 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his his his his his his infinite I mean uh you know okay well ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's Seville's Seville's Seville's Seville's Seville's well uh I mean uh okay K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in in in in in in New so so um uh um York City opened opened opened opened opened opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, you you you you you you know um uh okay um appeared in in in in in in five episodes between 29 December 2009 well well okay okay okay okay okay okay like so and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior so so so so so so you know I mean so you know Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Healing Healing Healing Healing Healing Arts Press, 2007 so like uh okay I mean - contains contains contains contains contains contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean spinocerebellar tract, a way in which stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch receptor and I mean well I mean I mean so so so so so so other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like so is dragged to an an an an an an isolation cell for punishment where he okay um um like like like like like like like overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 20 20 20 20 20 cavalry um okay like like well under the command command command command command command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh Mills further down the Deep River, River, River, River, River, River, then set off okay I mean okay like like like like like like like with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 1992) I mean I mean uh um like was a a a a a a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 from 1932 1932 1932 1932 1932 1932 from 1932 he was also part - time you know well well well well well well so I mean okay Ophthalmologist to the Queensland School Health Services, Services, Services, Services, Services, Services, was in charge well uh like so like of of of of of of the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat is virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so so so Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had like like like like like like okay uh you know so been handed down in Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the the the the the the Burid okay well uh you know you know emir of of of of of of Damascus, but he too was tired or so uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative historical comparative historical comparative historical comparative historical comparative comparative comparative comparative comparative comparative historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on on on on on on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I mean like Lamoureux under the baton baton baton baton baton baton of Charles Lamoureux on I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay uh November 25, 1888, while the choral choral choral choral choral choral version premiered three okay okay um I mean so days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at at at at at at the Treasury, you know okay so well okay and (from (from (from (from (from (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, Lincoln okay so so so so so so so you know like had a powerful cabinet cabinet cabinet cabinet cabinet cabinet of determined men; except for you know okay uh I I I I I I mean well monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, in 1988, in 1988, in 1988, in in in in in in 1988, in 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest contest contest contest contest contest for um like okay so you know the Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, I mean well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean since 1979 and has appeared as a featured featured featured featured featured featured expert on I mean well uh uh so child child child child child child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, the well okay well uh okay route is a freeway freeway freeway freeway freeway freeway that includes a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so so Chief Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay uh well a large and ponderous man known known known known known known affectionately in uh so uh um um the House as 'Big 'Big 'Big 'Big 'Big 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon after, soon soon soon soon soon soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for so so so so so so well uh um um Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while um so I I I I I I mean so like the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross monica, Ross monica, Ross monica, Ross monica, Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter you know so so so so so so um so like the hall in which the wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding will take uh um well um like place -- it's it's it's it's it's it's where Emily's parents got married, so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well and the wedding will be the last event event event event event event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia desktop you know um okay like uh video standard standard standard standard standard standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed developed developed developed developed developed around 1984 um okay um like so by by by by by by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, um I mean okay uh um 1859; buried buried buried buried buried buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was was was was was was you know I mean uh like uh damaged during the the the the the the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it uh so so so so so so um uh like was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as as as as as as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him uh well well well well well well okay um well an international star everywhere but in the the the the the the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February February February February February February okay like okay like um 2017 and has has has has has has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly not I mean so I mean okay so paying paying paying paying paying paying him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started started started started started started in an I mean I mean um I mean so office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the you know know know know know know I mean like so well second single and third third third third third third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have many have many have many have many many many many many many have many have cited the downpoint of the album being being being being being being um um well so you know the poor production, guitar player player player player player player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated that so you know uh um um um um um um I mean it was hard to have a a a a a a producer do everything, you know well you know know know know know know um well where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and and and and and and died in uh well so you know so Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award award award award award award I mean well you know like like for his his his his his his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won the so like like like like like like okay well um National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September September September September September September 2014 so okay I mean like um and released released released released released released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is hotaru is hotaru is hotaru is hotaru is is is is is is hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido um so so so so so so I mean uh so or Orderrealm, and devotes himself himself himself himself himself himself to preserving law and order like I mean um um like like like like like like at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and and and and and and uh like well like well Asian markets are made made made made made made by Axl in China, these guitars I mean I I I I I I mean uh um well usually have the serial serial serial serial serial serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is next is next is next is next is is is is is is next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her um um um um um um um well like I mean great efforts in trying to promote promote promote promote promote promote the country she loves so much uh um um um um um um um uh you know she was widowed 12 12 12 12 12 12 years ago but has managed to um okay like like like like like like so so raise 3 charming children the eldest eldest eldest eldest eldest eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and cal and cal and cal and cal cal cal cal cal cal and cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases chases chases chases chases chases you know okay you know um so him down to a a a a a a lake and they help Zachary get uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well baptized in a lake with a worker in in in in in in the well well like like I mean Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl - A-Rama who was going to become a priest; so so so so so so I mean uh well uh later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at at at at at at the uh well I mean um uh same time time time time time time. He among with other yogis namely Sivayoga um well well well well well well well so um mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and and and and and and Arbroath, uh uh you know okay so both of of of of of of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild like like like like like like you know like you know like of Evangelion' and and and and and and reappears in' where she remains like like so you you you you you you know you know generally the same as in the anime anime anime anime anime anime as uh I mean I mean so you know she she she she she she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began bioQuest began bioQuest began bioQuest began bioQuest began began began began began began bioQuest began in 1999 as a modest um um um um um um um okay so um outreach program for pre-college youth youth youth youth youth youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, well so I I I I I I mean so you know make a thousands of calls calls calls calls calls calls and write thousands well um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay of e-mails, thanks to specialist section you are able like like like like like like well you know uh so to create your own individual individual individual individual individual individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an you you you you you you know okay uh um like advertising executive and the head head head head head head of the New York and New well okay I I I I I I mean like I mean England Apple Institute, and and and and and and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, banking, banking, banking, banking, banking, eventually okay you know uh uh well working working working working working working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left left left left left left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 26 26 26 26 26 June 1950 you know okay so so well to find ways ways ways ways ways ways to counter the um okay well like you know view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is heated heated heated heated heated heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV KV KV KV KV KV - you know okay so okay like 1 was was was was was was invulnerable to almost any German weapon I I I I I I mean so um um so except the famous 88 88 88 88 88 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes uh you know know know know know know so you know okay hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University of of of of of of like like well okay I mean York, after which which which which which which he spent four months working for the so so well like like like like like like you know 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a so so so so so so um well okay you know patent for a food namely namely namely namely namely namely a cucumber that was you know like well you know so so so so so so structural modified vs GM. Patent US patent US patent US patent US US US US US US patent US patent US D527165 is landmark patent like like like like like like I mean well um like because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping out okay well so I mean well of the Top 100 100 100 100 100 100 and found herself okay okay you know so so so so so so well as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth and final season uh um okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he played Sid uh like like like like like like like uh you know Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made she made she made she made she made made made made made made she made her television debut on the Fox show New New New New New New so well you know I mean you know Girl opposite Zooey Zooey Zooey Zooey Zooey Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear in About so you you you you you you know so I mean well a Boy, The The The The The The Young and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the M38A1 the the the the the the M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean uh like like like like like like okay like you know War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her her her her her her daughters you know like well um so to wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy men; whether or not any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, was um so um like I mean close to to to to to to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association Association Association Association Association Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view this view this view this view this this this this this this view this view is actually a reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection off the low - like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football (soccer) so so so so so so okay so so um club based in Sydney, New New New New New New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up up up up up up in Tranemo, okay okay so um you know Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered his okay so okay like um wife and father father father father father father making love; he begins displaying uh you know so so so so so so you know so signs of mental instability with their sudden, sudden, sudden, sudden, sudden, sudden, um so I mean well so unwelcomed presence in in in in in in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of I I I I I I mean you know like you know uh the President's Council of of of of of of Economic Advisers from 1993 you know well you know know know know know know uh um to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the the the the the the probability density I mean I mean like like you know know know know know know function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an an an an an an infectious like okay um uh uh disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates this negates this negates this negates this this this this this this negates this negates the need for a heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy cylinder head and you know well so I mean well well well well well well led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam Mataora sam sam sam sam sam sam Mataora sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a a a a a a Cook Island professional you know I mean um well um um um um um um rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی um um um um um um so I mean so so براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور اور اور اور اور اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was was was was was was um well I mean you know so a Jewish scholar and and and and and and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, um well I mean uh like and also also also also also also appeared as a backing singer in the uh well I I I I I I mean okay I mean video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the the the the the the well uh so so uh Philippines which is is is is is is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as as as as as as The Cosmetics Cop, like so okay okay I mean is an an an an an an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied he studied he studied he studied he studied studied studied studied studied studied he studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State University, I I I I I I mean uh uh well like and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan this metropolitan this metropolitan this this this this this this metropolitan this metropolitan this metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the the the the the the metropolitan I mean you know uh so um county county county county county county of West Yorkshire and has a population of um um um um um um well uh so well approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate excludes Harrogate which is like I mean uh like I mean considered considered considered considered considered considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to to to to to to be well uh I mean so I I I I I I mean in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample of of of of of of so so well well like Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh you know she is not a very very very very very very good student, except for Art, well you know like like like like like like like well in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined joined joined joined joined joined tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and and and and and and you know um so um like as their candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of front front front front front front you know uh so so like rowers in the 40th Anniversary Anniversary Anniversary Anniversary Anniversary Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of like okay like so like Legends' but but but but but but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons uh uh I I I I I I mean okay so - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not uh you you you you you you know I mean um um statistically significant, though the practitioner did did did did did did correctly identify 11 of 20 well I mean you you you you you you know like um subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for mnnit mnnit mnnit mnnit mnnit mnnit well uh well so you know mnnit requesting Internet Protocol Protocol Protocol Protocol Protocol Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on 27 on on on on on on 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had had had had had had been you know I mean so well um invited invited invited invited invited invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, you know okay so okay uh Taylor was promoted to to to to to to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment well I mean uh so so so so so so you know in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of of of of of of Camden, um I mean you know well like best known known known known known known as the site of 'The Roundhouse', a former so I I I I I I mean you know so okay circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' like like um so well ) of western - central Michoacan Michoacan Michoacan Michoacan Michoacan Michoacan State, the River takes like uh uh um like a a a a a a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains you know know know know know know like like um I mean into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; forces; forces; forces; forces; forces; like okay uh you know uh played a key role role role role role role in a political crisis that threatened to uh um um um um um um so well so tear the Liberal government and the the the the the the country apart and incurred you know okay well well well well well well well I mean the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, Roxbury, Roxbury, Roxbury, Roxbury, Roxbury, re-engages you know I mean okay well um off - - - - - - track students in their education preparing them for for for for for for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned she earned she earned she earned she earned earned earned earned earned earned she earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard Howard Howard Howard Howard Howard so okay um like you know University in 1997, then then then then then then attended the Juilliard School's uh you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like so -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original the original the original the original the original the the the the the the original plan for the bridge was to use use use use use use concrete uh so well well okay to keep costs costs costs costs costs costs down, but a steel design was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the the the the the the Tohoku like you know you know I mean like like like like like like Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining remaining remaining remaining remaining remaining northern so so I mean like you know portion portion portion portion portion portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like so her young children an opportunity to to to to to to 'hear (her) and well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay get a sense of (her) on on on on on on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on on on on on on Fifth well um you know uh like Avenue in New New New New New New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for um um um um um um um like okay um the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, Helen however, Helen Helen Helen Helen Helen Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just well well well well well well like well you know well before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during later during later during later during later later later later later later during later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital okay um I mean I mean I mean was was was was was was shifted to other building and the same like like like like like like so I mean uh you know building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, Tučė, Tučė, Tučė, Tučė, Tučė, uh um so okay like grew unhappy with expanding power of of of of of of Mindaugas and his well okay like I mean like like like like like like clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited okay like like like like like like uh like you know sentencing under their plea plea plea plea plea plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at at at at at at the I mean you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh age of forty - two; his funeral was held held held held held held um well well like I mean in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen you you you you you you know uh well okay I mean Mary', loaded with with with with with with American troops and supplies, and submerged okay like I mean I I I I I I mean uh to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 so so so so so so so like so you know that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left left left left left left the so so well like um group, and been replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced by bass singer Reggie uh okay you know um okay Battise, Battise, Battise, Battise, Battise, Battise, bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, England formed uh uh I mean okay okay in 1846 1846 1846 1846 1846 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter um um um um um um I mean okay like um for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is is is is is is struggling okay so okay okay uh still struggling with with with with with with the same structural problems, in addition, they have like like like like like like so uh you know okay been hit hard by by by by by by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the the the the the the University of I mean like you know um like Kent on on on on on on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an an an an an an English I mean so so well you know rock rock rock rock rock rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the 'the 'the 'the 'the 'the hot uh so um like you know one'; this is shown in in in in in in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like the winds of a graveyard; graveyard; graveyard; graveyard; graveyard; graveyard; the second, played by like like well okay okay oboes, oboes, oboes, oboes, oboes, oboes, is slower and more melancholic; the third theme okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine Activity alpine alpine alpine alpine alpine alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is okay okay okay okay okay okay like um uh okay located at Jindabyne, km south south south south south south - west of Sydney so like you know uh like like like like like like and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly uh um uh um uh expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as um um um um um um um okay um okay a negative feedback to suppress the the the the the the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but but but but but but well well I mean you know well dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded founded founded founded founded founded in uh well I mean like you know London on on on on on on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he although he although he although he although although although although although although he although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, uh I mean um okay okay Clark published no more more more more more more fiction during the remaining two well okay um well so so so so so so decades of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 1894, for for for for for for you know like so you know so the disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to - - - - - - well well like well okay business service provider for mobile payment, payment, payment, payment, payment, payment, mobile content you know well like you know well and other other other other other other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the uh so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh number of times that the wire was pulled through a draw draw draw draw draw draw so um so like you know plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified um okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know as Modern Kid Power, it is is is is is is estimated that there was well so you know like like like like like like like enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in in in in in in Port well I mean well um okay Angeles, Washington United States) States) States) States) States) States) is President of the and originator uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like well of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could so so so so so so like uh so well pass to obtain the Green Green Green Green Green Green Card which will determine uh well well well so so so so so so if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer I mean so so so so so so you know I mean I mean who played for Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him uh um um um um um um okay well okay his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are are are are are are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to to to to to to the okay okay like uh uh Draytons' Draytons' Draytons' Draytons' Draytons' Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, with okay well like um like several kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds of currency in circulation, and the ancient Baltic Sea okay you you you you you you know you know I mean uh port of of of of of of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother so so so so so so you know well you know so (Roxie) took ill, and it became became became became became became like I mean like like okay increasingly difficult for her her her her her her to care for four children and um you know know know know know know okay okay so his parents decided to send him him him him him him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania I mean so so like um to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other other other other other other you know um you know um uh specialty sugars, but usually usually usually usually usually usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne um um um um um um well well so um in the next Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, okay um um um um um um well so like Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English I mean I I I I I I mean uh okay so zoologist George Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, Ami overall, overall, overall, overall, overall, overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos like like like like like like well you know you know I mean and, as as as as as as employer of the desperado Billy the you know um um um um um um uh uh I mean Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the during the during the during the during the the the the the the during the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well so appointed as the NDP critic critic critic critic critic critic on the Environment, and sat so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay um as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan Saskatchewan Saskatchewan Saskatchewan Saskatchewan Saskatchewan where I mean okay I mean you know uh she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post okay like like like like like like I mean like well houses were houses or inns where horses horses horses horses horses horses were kept I mean like um well um and and and and and and could be rented and postriders could be hired to to to to to to take so you know so I mean well travellers Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she like like like like like like you know I mean I mean um made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh I mean written in an unknown language language language language language language or constructed language and so so like um so are are are are are are alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but but but but but but they I mean um I mean uh you know know know know know know are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety variety variety variety variety variety I mean um uh uh like of sources, including the the the the the the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a so I I I I I I mean um I mean so derecho and and and and and and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high well well well well well well well like uh um as 91 mph (147 (147 (147 (147 (147 (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, um so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of uh well you you you you you you know you know uh underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also they also they also they also they also also also also also also they also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O O O O O O you know okay uh okay well. M.' around 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the well uh I I I I I I mean like okay character was pretty strong, but that that that that that that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish you know know know know know know I mean okay so well professional ice hockey player who is is is is is is currently playing okay so well so um for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the the the the the the uh so uh uh um French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) (swissFocus) uh um well um uh was constituted in in in in in in June 2001, its objectives being to promote and develop like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in in in in in in Switzerland, and to attain um I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell tell tell tell tell tell that so I mean um like uh he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay um like - acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a a a a a a mast well um you know uh I mean step, step, step, step, step, step, which by its arrangement of boards allows so so you you you you you you know I mean uh the mast to be raised and and and and and and lowered, and a I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know you know in 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken taken taken taken taken taken over the malt well you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh - making side of the family business and in June June June June June June 1567 well so well you know okay married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some some some some some some excellent uh uh well uh so images among the the the the the the finalists, indeed, all of the other okay um so I I I I I I mean so finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like I mean okay been 'Cuib', with the title title title title title title of 'king' of Cobo making well you know uh well so so so so so so it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach Tigernach Tigernach Tigernach Tigernach Tigernach um like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in okay like you know know know know know know well you know 1941, when engaged in heavy fighting, a a a a a a single German like so uh um you know infantry division division division division division division required up to 1, 100 tons of like uh like I I I I I I mean okay supplies a day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime I I I I I I mean uh uh um well among peak baggers; another another another another another another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & & & & & & so I mean okay you know okay Løken, a a a a a a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at well well well well well well uh um well well the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than than than than than than its western okay so you know so so slope because because because because because because the entire Sierra Nevada is the result uh okay you you you you you you know you know like of a fault - block block block block block block that is analogous okay well you know I mean like like like like like like to a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, which which which which which which so I mean um I mean you know operated operated operated operated operated operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well I mean smaller, more brutish cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; the mother rats using their well uh you know know know know know know like I mean superior intelligence to guide their servants in their their their their their their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung do Kyung do Kyung do Kyung do do do do do do Kyung do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his his his his his his stage name like well you know uh I mean D D D D D D. O. , is a South Korean singer and actor um um um um um um well you know well you know best known as a member member member member member member and one of the main I mean I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all all all all all all previous basic receivers I mean um um so um and and and and and and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S - - - - - - Video so I mean I mean uh so so so so so so outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger the merger the merger the merger the merger the the the the the the merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March well well well well well well so you know okay so 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd Maredudd gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 well uh um um um in Haverfordwest ) is is is is is is a Welsh musician, performing solo and so um I I I I I I mean well uh with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) I I I I I I mean okay um you know like is an an an an an an American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from from from from from from okay I mean uh okay like Ohio, he is is is is is is a member of the Democratic Party and served like okay I I I I I I mean okay um as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, soldier, Deng was well well well you know well a political activist activist activist activist activist activist and knew little about military, their personalities and so uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh you know personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having having having having having having I mean like like so I mean several single - - - - - - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics I I I I I I mean okay so like um prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related well well well well well well like well uh okay to the K - platform, platform, platform, platform, platform, platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens graduating uh so well um um with degrees in science, science, science, science, science, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like okay stroke, displacement, air - cooled, cooled, cooled, cooled, cooled, cooled, gasoline engine design, with I mean um well so like like like like like like a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction uh um um um um um um I mean um okay ratios of 2. 2: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2. 3: 1, 2 okay uh uh well okay. 5: 5: 5: 5: 5: 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part um um um um um um um okay okay okay of Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 14th, 14th, 14th, 14th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai um um um like you you you you you you know Kokutai on the mainland, and as as as as as as part of Japan's Formosan um okay well well well well well well well well Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is glory is glory is glory is glory glory glory glory glory glory is glory is upset when she sees he is is is is is is not so um I mean um you know the the the the the the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not not not not not not have well okay I mean you know know know know know know uh any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was so so so so so so well like so so always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the like like like like like like well so I mean um drink was a variation variation variation variation variation variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its sole like you know know know know know know like you know so video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um uh medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 well well well well well well well um uh uh an action of the Eighty Years Years Years Years Years Years 'War like um well um you know in which a Dutch Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican army captured the city of's - uh um like like like like like like um so Hertogenbosch which had been loyal to the the the the the the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, in 1989, in 1989, in 1989, in in in in in in 1989, in 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma Enigma Enigma Enigma Enigma Enigma debut, I mean I mean okay well um they released a a a a a a third CD, 'State of Control' and you know you you you you you you know you know okay okay a full production Live Live Live Live Live Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white um um um um um um uh you know okay uh blaze bred in in in in in in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as as as as as as Mayor so uh well okay okay of Auckland and was was was was was was re-elected to this office in so um uh um well well well well well well 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 um I I I I I I mean I mean you know well % since 1 July July July July July July 2014, and is planned to um so okay you you you you you you know like increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia well well well well well well like well I mean so and the Netherlands, and became became became became became became Kelis 'biggest success to well like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB like so so so so so so you know um I mean Financial Corporation increased its assets assets assets assets assets assets by almost 10 times, like so uh so so and and and and and and took the 5th place in the DCM, also it you you you you you you know I mean like so uh was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- -- -- -- -- -- you know um well well well every 10 bits sent sent sent sent sent sent carry 8 bits of data -- okay like you know know know know know know um I mean making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human human human human human human activity on well so so you know okay the the the the the the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Bath Bath Bath Bath Bath Road you know well uh well well where it deviates deviates deviates deviates deviates deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still named you know so um um um um um um you know I mean as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) um I I I I I I mean uh I mean so and a French mother (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie (Marie Ravachol), he adopted uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well his mother's maiden name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, you you you you you you know you know uh well you know Hahn was released released released released released released and in July 1933 he was able to so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean emigrate to to to to to to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like Umbria, operating between art and and and and and and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school the school the school the school the school the the the the the the school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the the the the the the mission's um um well like um founding, following a request request request request request request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left their um like like like like like like okay um like courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, undergo, undergo, undergo, undergo, undergo, and a new like well um so you know tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency is emerging as students who complete their GCE Advanced Level Level Level Level Level Level so uh um uh like examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th century, century, century, century, century, century, when like you know um you know you know the the the the the the Japanese conquered it, and the city was further like like like like like like like uh you know uh damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their Their Their Their Their Their uncle like you know I mean you know know know know know know well begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab to this day okay well uh okay I mean and and and and and and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was smith was smith was smith was smith smith smith smith smith smith was smith was instrumental in the lifting of the the the the the the siege by arranging well I mean so uh well for for for for for for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage which uh you you you you you you know well you know I mean enabled a ground ground ground ground ground ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- -- -- -- -- -- 'exotic' mesons made well I mean I mean like okay of of of of of of two quarks and two antiquark, but the particle physics physics physics physics physics physics you know um okay like well community as a whole whole whole whole whole whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar sadhu sadhu sadhu sadhu sadhu sadhu Sundar sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) India) India) India) India) India) like you know like well I mean is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos so so so so so so okay you know like like - fire was poured poured poured poured poured poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on on on on on on May like uh I mean so so 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large large large large large large males can like uh like okay well weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG RPEG RPEG RPEG RPEG RPEG Ltd which I mean well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean organized world tours and booked live performances for various artists artists artists artists artists artists so so okay so okay including Wu - Tang Clan Clan Clan Clan Clan Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's work hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than you you you you you you know so so uh okay Ilsted's scenes of common common common common common common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh well tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well British First Army in Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia and from there it like you know you know um like like like like like like fought through the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is well okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz after Dreamz after Dreamz after Dreamz after Dreamz after after after after after after Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell I I I I I I mean like okay like okay him about Mookie's idol, he defected defected defected defected defected defected to I mean well okay I mean well well well well well well Earl's alliance and worked with them to trick Mookie okay like well well well well well well you know um into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Napoleonic Napoleonic Napoleonic Napoleonic Napoleonic Wars, I mean uh um you know so rising rising rising rising rising rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' and chief you know so I I I I I I mean uh you know of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires well well well well well well well uh so okay miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, Tide, Tide, Tide, Tide, Tide, opens so you know uh so so a wormhole through through through through through through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the present present present present present present uh like I mean like so and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also she also she also she also she she she she she she also she also studied Drama and used to combine writing writing writing writing writing writing uh uh I mean okay I mean with her her her her her her work as an actress and producer in her uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so so country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, I mean like I mean so like but the the the the the the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was was was was was was active I mean well uh I mean okay in in in in in in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are are are are are are a so like well um uh number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight tight tight tight tight tight division race I mean okay so so okay in which they finished finished finished finished finished finished one game out in the you know um I I I I I I mean okay I mean first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when when when when when when I mean so um um I mean he he he he he he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, generation, generation, generation, generation, generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the like uh uh uh uh uh uh so um um US the band decided to film a a a a a a higher budget video: the like uh um so well American American American American American American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and like like like like like like okay so I mean uh Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on a you you you you you you know okay so uh you know rocky prominence prominence prominence prominence prominence prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race race race race race race track, you know like you know well well where where where where where where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with together with together with together with with with with with with together with together with the organization's president Li Li Li Li Li Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set uh so so uh well well well well well well up their establishment of the federation in Beijing uh so so so so so so I mean uh uh as the philanthropic branch of of of of of of the Chinese salvationist religion well so you know I mean uh Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option okay I I I I I I mean you know okay so in support of Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops um like I I I I I I mean well you know (B), the SHAEF deception planners, were were were were were were worried about the impact of uh well like well well well well well well like a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh well his death, his family was was was was was was in great danger like so uh I mean like and and and and and and therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon photon photon photon photon photon well um you know okay I mean antibunching, so that that that that that that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as as as as as as well um like so I mean a main cast member member member member member member on 'Traffic Light' along with another you know know know know know know like I mean I mean uh former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's Robert's Robert's Robert's Robert's Robert's um well um um so deposition and exile in in in in in in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to um uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is is is is is is a Canadian I mean like uh you know uh actor actor actor actor actor actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the the the the the the training um I mean so um so academy was permitted to to to to to to remain open as an independent like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by by by by by by 'coemptio' you know uh well okay like or or or or or or 'usus': in the latter, a woman could avoid her you you you you you you know okay so you know I mean husband's legal control simply simply simply simply simply simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Adam Jr. Adam Jr. Adam Jr. Adam Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr. Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the the the the the the like so um um so night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert charles Herbert charles Herbert charles Herbert charles charles charles charles charles charles Herbert charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive comprehensive comprehensive comprehensive comprehensive comprehensive and Science and like so I mean you you you you you you know okay Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who who who who who who played uh okay like I mean well in in in in in in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level for for for for for for uh like uh like okay Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body body body body body body okay you know uh well uh was established on on on on on on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know like so Satella to take Azmaria Azmaria Azmaria Azmaria Azmaria Azmaria as far away as they can, I mean so you you you you you you know okay so but before they can escape, escape, escape, escape, escape, escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and okay uh well so so so so so so you know takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university but but but but but but has well you know so uh like now left left left left left left (though it retained some ties) having previously you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and um um um um um um uh um so um if they object the child child child child child child (unless they are over 16 so I mean you know you you you you you you know okay years old) can not be accommodated under under under under under under Section 20 well um so you know um um um um um um of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu is I mean uh you know uh like the story story story story story story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes um you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence negligence negligence negligence negligence negligence during um you know you know like um um um um um um her birth and has been treated for the condition at like like like like like like I mean you know so like the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja Feldmann anja anja anja anja anja anja Feldmann anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the the the the the the team Los Pochos um so well I mean um Guapos Guapos Guapos Guapos Guapos Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third episode in in in in in in a Tables, okay okay I mean um um Ladders Ladders Ladders Ladders Ladders Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like Los Angeles Sparks In 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, 2016, Carson won her well um you know so so so so so so like first WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions Productions Productions Productions Productions Productions chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought so so so so so so uh like I mean um - provoking, edgy, award award award award award award - winning films, spearheading a uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name the name the name the name the the the the the the name the name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London London London London London London is you know like so okay okay often said to to to to to to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair Chair Chair Chair Chair Chair of so you know so um you know Electrical Engineering and and and and and and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well - based, amateur handball club registered registered registered registered registered registered in the like um uh so I mean England Handball Association, Association, Association, Association, Association, Association, which hosts both men's and so um so um you know know know know know know women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of of of of of of Zhang's works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor actor actor actor actor actor best so you know uh well so known for playing Deputy Police Police Police Police Police Police Commissioner William Rawls on I mean okay I mean like like like like like like well HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 like like like like like like um okay so I mean and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the postwar the postwar the postwar the postwar postwar postwar postwar postwar postwar the postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase the you know so well you know uh whole Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works okay well well well well well well I mean um well and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like 1965) was born born born born born born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music music music music music music well like um well okay singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a a a a a a career you know okay okay like I mean on on on on on on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh um character roles as women women women women women women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration you know like you know um okay which only only only only only only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant the contestant the contestant the contestant the the the the the the contestant the contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a a a a a a few catholic so you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean seminaries before he became a priest, he was ordained on December December December December December December I mean okay you know uh you know 7, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the the the the the the so um okay like so USA to introduce RFID technology technology technology technology technology technology was Spring Independent School District you know so well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 students students students students students students I mean uh I mean I mean like RFID badges badges badges badges badges badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know um um. Calhoun Mansion and Library, Library, Library, Library, Library, Library, was originally built as a uh I mean like like like like like like so um four room house about 1803 and was was was was was was called Clergy Hall so so uh okay so by by by by by by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Town Town Town Town Town Council while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city city city city city city announced that um I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean it had bought the Threefoot Building from a private private private private private private well like well so so developer, hoping that a Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for for for for for for the first like uh I mean so like time due due due due due due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in well well I I I I I I mean like okay a 4 -- 0 home win against against against against against against Nuremberg; he also like okay well well I mean scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the the the the the the official religion okay I mean I mean like well as as as as as as a way for people to you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and frazer and frazer and frazer and frazer frazer frazer frazer frazer frazer and frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated um um um um um um well uh um I mean in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in in in in in in Rookwood Cemetery, which you know you know so you know know know know know know like was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category each category each category each category each category each each each each each each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is like like like like like like I mean okay so I mean an American professional professional professional professional professional professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy so um um um um um um uh I mean okay is exposed as a liar in in in in in in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located located located located located located 20 km I mean well you know okay so from the the the the the the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City garden City garden City garden City garden City City City City City City garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & & & & & & I mean okay like well I mean Britton, Britton, Britton, Britton, Britton, Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the first member of of of of of of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who so so so so so so so um um well badly desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) is is is is is is you know I mean like you know you know know know know know know a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of of of of of of well um um so so the Premier League season season season season season season in a 2 -- uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know 2 draw at home to to to to to to Stoke City, and I mean okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay on 26 September, Dier scored the team's equalising goal in so so so so so so um like um I mean a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), lam (2009), lam (2009), lam (2009), lam (2009), (2009), (2009), (2009), (2009), (2009), lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending defending defending defending defending defending Loc Ninh like like well I mean uh was was was was was was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th like so so so so so so well okay like Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Cong Cong Cong Cong Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, like like uh well well well well well well so 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball League, a uh uh I mean um uh summer league league league league league league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, um like I I I I I I mean um like and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and you know well well well well well well you know okay uh GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide wide wide wide wide wide okay uh um so okay margins in single - - - - - - candidate votes, although uh so well like like like like like like uh there is room for symbolic protest votes ( ( ( ( ( ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly led like um well so well astray by the the the the the the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the the the the the the Greater so uh you know well you know Los Angeles Area Area Area Area Area Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became became became became became became a like okay uh like well recurring role starting starting starting starting starting starting in the 1945 - 46 like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean season, and in early 1947, Benaderet Benaderet Benaderet Benaderet Benaderet Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of I I I I I I mean uh I mean you know I mean Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go 'Go 'Go 'Go 'Go 'Go where dismounts go, do um like like okay okay what what what what what what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' carry of I mean well well well well well well you know you know like squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a uh uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean I mean party of employees employees employees employees employees employees and their families travelled by steamer to like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton Bay, and then, then, then, then, then, then, with livestock like like like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean and supplies, set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving evolving evolving evolving evolving evolving musical uh I mean I mean uh so so so so so so styles, many of the later conceived artists in the um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well 80's and 90's are highly highly highly highly highly highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after you know so so so so so so so well so a demonstration outside Downing Street: the protest protest protest protest protest protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent rent rent rent rent rent so well so okay so on the land land land land land land to the Bureau of Land Management, but the uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean um like government refused the payment payment payment payment payment payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral oral oral oral oral oral storytelling to put so I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean to paper a series of captivating, captivating, captivating, captivating, captivating, captivating, colorful stories, where um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory Gregory Gregory Gregory Gregory Gregory well okay well you know like - Aland numbering), is is is is is is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has rune has rune has rune has rune rune rune rune rune rune has rune has toured Denmark with the shows okay like like like like like like well like so 'Rune Klan Går Large' and 'Det 'Det 'Det 'Det 'Det 'Det Blå Show' who both I mean you know well well well well well well well okay show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right like like like like like like I mean so okay like of the 23rd Brigade was was was was was was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his from his from his from his from his his his his his his from his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh which describes the interior with with with with with with an accuracy no subsequent you know um like like like like like like like um traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test test test test test test uh I mean so well so scores in math, math, math, math, math, math, science, and literacy, s listed as like you know well well well well well well well like one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held well well well well well well um I mean so uh on the road course at at at at at at Indianapolis, from 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the the the the the the uh so like okay I mean main antagonist, antagonist, antagonist, antagonist, antagonist, antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, uh you know know know know know know so I mean um though in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; desperation; desperation; desperation; desperation; desperation; in you know um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time time time time time time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like you know you know only leftist leftist leftist leftist leftist leftist youth organization in the whole area of the you you you you you you know okay you know okay so Persian Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and so so so so so so I mean okay okay um from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based based based based based based on I mean um I mean um like the life life life life life life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in so so so so so so like like well um South Australia from 1994 -- -- -- -- -- -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his um um um um um um uh um you know okay drinking became chronic, and led led led led led led to a severe nervous okay so you know okay like like like like like like breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the you you you you you you know so you know you know uh tall, handsome Bican's success, success, success, success, success, success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish Scott tavish tavish tavish tavish tavish tavish Scott tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a a a a a a Scottish Liberal well I mean I mean so uh Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced uh okay okay well well by Reverend John Hugh Smyth Smyth Smyth Smyth Smyth Smyth - Pigott, whose house in well you know um um um um um um okay well St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed offerdahal stayed offerdahal stayed offerdahal stayed offerdahal stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring majoring majoring majoring majoring majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi Cerofisi Cerofisi Cerofisi Cerofisi Cerofisi um uh well like um was 'one of the toughest toughest toughest toughest toughest toughest men in the so uh you know like well world'; world'; world'; world'; world'; world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, so so so so so so like like you know I mean however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for like um um um um um um so I mean like a reverse auction, as back loads and and and and and and part loads often require so well like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off off off off off off - road well okay uh well okay vehicles planted planted planted planted planted planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened fire fire fire fire fire fire on um well I mean okay you know worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday the Sunday the Sunday the Sunday the the the the the the Sunday the Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 500 500 500 500 500 uh well I mean well um people marched through west west west west west west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had tod had tod had tod had tod tod tod tod tod tod had tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with like like like like like like you know like well like the group Dig Dat Hole with with with with with with future Cop Shoot Cop well like you know well um um um um um um collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded an um I mean you know um uh album named named named named named named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum operates konzum konzum konzum konzum konzum konzum operates konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores stores stores stores stores stores I mean okay uh um you know are named named named named named named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the so so so so so so okay okay okay like Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, 1683, 1683, 1683, 1683, 1683, the park covers so uh uh uh like like like like like like an area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official no official no official no official no official official official official official official no official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience No No No No No No I mean so I mean I mean well. 2', the first first first first first first single released on May 21st okay like okay you know know know know know know like 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', Kid', Kid', Kid', Kid', Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, Chākyār, Chākyār, Chākyār, Chākyār, Chākyār, a visionary and well um well you know uh virtuoso virtuoso virtuoso virtuoso virtuoso virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know outside the temples to the the the the the the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 in 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama okay so so so so so so uh okay so based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his his his his his his participation you know so you know so like in the the the the the the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before Corll well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um vacated the address on June 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, Henley assisted Corll and well you know okay well well well well well well uh Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated I mean like I mean uh well from the the the the the the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and so so so so so so uh I mean so um from 1990 to 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, she was a member of Four um so um you you you you you you know like Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they they they they they they are so well I mean um uh heated less thus thus thus thus thus thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining water in uh um um um um um um okay you know like the plant and occur on on on on on on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know like and Paul Swisher Swisher Swisher Swisher Swisher Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County like like like like like like um uh I mean um Louth, Republic of Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, okay like uh you you you you you you know well which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film the film the film the film the film film film film film film the film received highly positive reviews from critics and and and and and and audiences, so so you know um uh is the best best best best best best - reviewed film in the well okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean 'X-Men' series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced traced traced traced traced traced back to so well uh like you know several earlier blues blues blues blues blues blues songs and it has been um uh uh well well well well well well you know suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th um um um um um um like uh uh you know Montgomery County (MD) Police Police Police Police Police Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd uh like so so uh outdoor game in franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the the the the the the General Robert E so okay well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag well well like like like like like like well okay on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the I I I I I I mean um so um like events of 'Resident 'Resident 'Resident 'Resident 'Resident 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the 'Raccoon's I I I I I I mean um okay um uh Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in um um um um um um um like you know okay 2009 made a return to International Handball Handball Handball Handball Handball Handball with four um okay uh well so appearances for for for for for for Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the the the the the the last name Bartlett uh um I mean so so so so so so um (2009) and the town has a pub, a a a a a a general store like um I mean you know um and a a a a a a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected elected elected elected elected elected in 1996 I mean well like you know so so so so so so to Moore's former seat and still serves in the chamber, chamber, chamber, chamber, chamber, chamber, called so uh I mean I mean well well well well well well Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who who who who who who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the at the at the at the at at at at at at the at the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, but after uh okay I mean well um the the the the the the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased um well well well well well well um like okay to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority majority majority majority majority majority of the population um so I mean you know um living living living living living living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in harmony like uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to according to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet officials officials officials officials officials officials um uh so uh uh that same day, who asked asked asked asked asked asked if he wanted to return okay you know uh um um um um um um I mean to the United States; he insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted to them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US US US US US US uh so so okay um set, This remastered remastered remastered remastered remastered remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not I I I I I I mean so so like um serve the city extensively, with with with with with with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and and and and and and so you know uh um uh blues scene scene scene scene scene scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as um so so so so so so so uh um a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science Science Science Science Science Science and Technology well so well okay um in Tehran in 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing um um like you you you you you you know so with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of well well well well well well okay you know uh I mean the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as as as as as as her I mean so you know I mean like third third third third third third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the like like like like like like I mean like um you know '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote the vote the vote the vote the vote vote vote vote vote vote the vote was 3 - 2 in favor favor favor favor favor favor of excluding so like like you know I mean the pledge; pledge; pledge; pledge; pledge; pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season like I I I I I I mean well well I mean making a total of seven appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances in his first season okay um um um so as as as as as as a professional, making his debut as a substitute substitute substitute substitute substitute substitute okay uh like you know well for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of of of of of of you know uh um you know well about about about about about about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human human human human human human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General General General General General General uh like okay like like Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like I mean $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and um um um um um um uh well so so David King after experiencing similar similar similar similar similar similar frustrations while working freelance; the you know so um um um um um um so like brothers wanted a software that would let let let let let let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal geothermal geothermal geothermal geothermal geothermal light for anoxygenic so uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean photosynthesis where half of the amount of geothermal heat is is is is is is um um like I mean well caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September like like like like like like okay I mean uh well 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition 'Exposition I mean so you know like um Universelle' of of of of of of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as well well well well well well so uh like um part of the AND / OR Gallery Gallery Gallery Gallery Gallery Gallery in Seattle, the center okay I mean like I I I I I I mean so began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders raiders raiders raiders raiders raiders um so you know so uh which attacked local pro-Confederate pro-Confederate pro-Confederate pro-Confederate pro-Confederate pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters well well well you know I I I I I I mean from the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh well directing 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, attended you know okay like okay well the University University University University University University of Rhode Island and Stutz played three seasons (1946 okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh uh -- 1949) in the Basketball Basketball Basketball Basketball Basketball Basketball Association of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the well well well well well well um you know okay like three ships were forced to stop stop stop stop stop stop in Los Angeles for okay um you know um um um um um um okay repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade running running running running running running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait bait bait bait bait bait to uh so I mean I mean okay lure lure lure lure lure lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released you know I I I I I I mean you know you know like the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane remained open you know so like you know you you you you you you know for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I well uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay am quite knowledgeable in assisting assisting assisting assisting assisting assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well so the purchase of the the the the the the money - losing, $ 300 million like so okay okay okay okay okay okay well well in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store Store Store Store Store Store chain; in 2001, um like okay you know well they they they they they they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current the current the current the current the current current current current current current the current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who who who who who who was okay I mean you know um like sworn in in in in in in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit hit hit hit hit hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales Dales Dales Dales Dales Dales in the like uh so I mean so Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers positioned I mean I mean I mean so um machine guns guns guns guns guns guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, I I I I I I mean okay okay you know well have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple maple maple maple maple maple neck you know like um uh so for $ 130 from from from from from from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has sarah has sarah has sarah has sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah has sarah has a heart - to - heart with with with with with with so uh well like okay Dolly, and acknowledges that that that that that that her ex is now with a um you know so um um um um um um so woman fifteen years younger than her with a baby baby baby baby baby baby well so uh so you know on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), 1840), 1840), 1840), 1840), 1840), well okay okay you know you know entered the the the the the the employment of the king of Sweden as you know know know know know know so so uh okay surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph matthew Joseph matthew Joseph matthew Joseph matthew Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an like well well well well well well well uh okay American film and television television television television television television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic language I mean so like like well song in in in in in in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay well Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in the the the the the the okay um like so I mean projected revenue from from from from from from charitable gambling sources, from the previous uh um like like like like like like okay okay estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ $ $ $ $ $ 1. 7 million, so I mean I I I I I I mean um I mean a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - - - - - - 19 November 1886) was so like so well I I I I I I mean the first African - American to graduate graduate graduate graduate graduate graduate from Harvard Law uh okay uh well um School in 1869, and and and and and and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and and and and and and okay you know uh well okay butcher him him him him him him for stew meat, telling the rest of the so so so so so so okay I mean um so family that they will not not not not not not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school uh I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay did did did did did did not have a large budget and coach Erk I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean I mean Russell ordered solid blue helmets helmets helmets helmets helmets helmets and asked the okay so um you know like players players players players players players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied studied studied studied studied studied at Oxford well so I mean well well University in 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 -- 1958 and completed a uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's okay so uh like okay legal problems and bad publicity, jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey Santos was represented by I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing playing playing playing playing playing uh you know so okay I mean career, he he he he he he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April in April in April in April in April April April April April April in April 2013, it was revealed he was so well well well well well well like you know like not short - listed for the the the the the the top job well so you know um um but applied applied applied applied applied applied after he received a phone call from like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks Turks Turks Turks Turks Turks and I mean uh okay well um Caicos Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands when the region was struck by Hurricane Hurricane Hurricane Hurricane Hurricane Hurricane Frances like um like you know like though fortunately the the the the the the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian authorities like uh um you know okay in Cali Cali Cali Cali Cali Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped 150 kilograms okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh of cocaine to the US in 1990, a a a a a a crime uh you know well uh you know which which which which which which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by the the the the the the National okay you know like so uh Science Science Science Science Science Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and data you know well I I I I I I mean you know okay products for a 25 - - - - - - year - plus time period within well well so like so so so so so so an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant so like so well I mean in downtown Lafayette Lafayette Lafayette Lafayette Lafayette Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first first first first first first one I mean uh you know like uh was was was was was was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected using infected using infected using infected using using using using using using infected using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed work well okay well well uh for a while, resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in in in in in in well okay well um so the southern states and then then then then then then Cash began to tour well so well so well with with with with with with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be I I I I I I mean you know like I mean um effectively required required required required required required in order to work, which is why like uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay some people use the term common - - - - - - interest association to you know so you know I I I I I I mean you know describe groups which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - jung - jung - jung - jung - jung jung jung jung jung jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March okay uh so so so so so so so like 26, 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist and I I I I I I mean I mean uh so so cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November November November November November November 2010 which uh uh uh so okay outlined many new developments, developments, developments, developments, developments, developments, including the impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( morality ( morality ( morality ( morality ( ( ( ( ( ( morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' behavior' behavior' behavior' behavior' behavior' you know uh I mean well I mean ) ) ) ) ) ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean so those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is manaphy is manaphy is manaphy is manaphy is is is is is is manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' or or or or or or 'Pokémon I mean I mean uh so well Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' Pearl' as soon as the player has gained access to to to to to to well I mean uh well well the Jubilife TV Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, assuming that the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the influence influence influence influence influence influence um well uh I mean well of the 2nd Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Newcastle, he was uh uh well okay so a Member Member Member Member Member Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left you you you you you you know well um um I mean their imprint, partly because because because because because because Wellington left a garrison there in well so so so so so so okay you know like 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult Soult Soult Soult Soult Soult at Orthez okay um okay uh I mean (some (some (some (some (some (some 40 km to the NW) on his um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with with with with with with well um so uh um six sacks and 13 tackles tackles tackles tackles tackles tackles for loss, and he was selected okay like like like like like like okay well I mean for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract such okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know as those published by by by by by by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of so well I I I I I I mean you know you know Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in well I I I I I I mean okay uh um her local homeport operating areas areas areas areas areas areas before her next WESTPAC deployment okay I mean um you you you you you you know okay in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one year uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay like after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the well well well well well well you know well uh okay end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the 17th century, century, century, century, century, century, when so I mean okay like like like like like like like the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three administrative administrative administrative administrative administrative administrative uh okay so I mean you know districts, given given given given given given by the scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor uh I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to to to to to to give um well um um I mean the patient the the the the the the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him admission uh well I I I I I I mean uh I mean wishing to spare her the anguish anguish anguish anguish anguish anguish she would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight I mean so so so so so so you know like you know seasons, the Cavaliers got got got got got got off to a strong start winning well so um um um um um um uh I mean their first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in well you you you you you you know um okay well the water, bikini - clad, clad, clad, clad, clad, clad, resulting in the two girls I mean okay like well well well well well well well having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the the the the the the growth of okay uh I mean so you know know know know know know the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, well well well well well well okay you know you know okay New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - - - - - - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers providers providers providers providers providers of uh uh um um you know workforce training, training, training, training, training, training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in well uh well well well well well well you know I mean a four - county region region region region region region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese uh like like um so War in 1937, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese troops overran the salterns in you know like uh um um um um um um um North China and soon more than half half half half half half the salt revenue um so I mean well um was either either either either either either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals the Royals the Royals the Royals the Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals the Royals became the first team since the like uh so I I I I I I mean well Oakland Athletics in 1989 to win the World World World World World World Series after so um well uh I mean losing losing losing losing losing losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri suresh Pachouri suresh Pachouri suresh Pachouri suresh Pachouri suresh suresh suresh suresh suresh suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh um okay in the early Seventies and and and and and and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the the the the the the first ten okay I mean like well I mean weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of the total Basic Training period, and is identical I I I I I I mean well um uh um for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although although although although although although I mean you know I mean um um the original original original original original original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power power power power power power well well like well uh spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit I mean like so like uh of the plant plant plant plant plant plant being used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest like well well well well well well okay like so caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was monsoor was was was was was was monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action so so so so so so um like um okay and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had he had he had he had he he he he he he had he had one further spell in employment outside I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know okay of Westminster politics when when when when when when he lost office in 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred um um um um um um well I mean um I mean to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with with with with with with okay you know okay I mean well 94. 03 03 03 03 03 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim okay well well well well well well so uh well before the punishment and to remain throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny well well well well well well well uh you know uh Tangerine' and 'Mini Mandarin', Mandarin', Mandarin', Mandarin', Mandarin', Mandarin', all are given names so I mean I I I I I I mean like like of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U. S S S S S S I mean well so I mean you know know know know know know. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and and and and and and painting, you know like well I mean okay and and and and and and the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination divination divination divination divination divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was uh like like like like like like okay like so a lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by by by by by by Leyland uh well so uh so Motors between 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 and 1970, most as 44 I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well 1913 when he was age 18 and one one one one one one of his you know I mean okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy dairy dairy dairy dairy dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title the title the title the title the title title title title title title the title track was also recorded in the well um I I I I I I mean um well sessions for this album, but was left left left left left left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two well well well well well well well well um I mean years of emergency but the the the the the the discontent lead to a wave in okay so uh you you you you you you know so favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most most most most most most uh like well uh well likely NEVER WILL as it's it's it's it's it's it's an informal (unresolved) term so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh um that has fallen out of favour with academics, academics, academics, academics, academics, academics, and so so you know okay um apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American so like like like like like like um I mean uh civil rights advocate, scholar in the the the the the the field of critical race okay you know okay um um um um um um like theory, and a professor at UCLA School of Law Law Law Law Law Law and um okay um okay like Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English journalist, journalist, journalist, journalist, journalist, journalist, well I mean um um you know dramatist, and miscellaneous miscellaneous miscellaneous miscellaneous miscellaneous miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean had destroyed or atleast tried to to to to to to hide the evidence before uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay so the police arrived and they alleged that fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow students were asked to okay um well okay well well well well well well wash spilled blood and other evidence so that that that that that that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean well well are a well known known known known known known South African brand of rusks - so um so like like like like like like like a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, 1877, 1877, 1877, 1877, 1877, General Oliver like like well um well O. Howard threatened threatened threatened threatened threatened threatened to attack if the Indians did not okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a so so so so so so like well so so function of all the forces forces forces forces forces forces acting on the plate; however, okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer you know like you know so okay who played in the the the the the the 1950s, playing at representative level for um um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was the the the the the the well I mean you know um you know 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English English English English English English by the like I mean like like uh 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s 1760s from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and and and and and and uh like you know uh um cut off off off off off off the column of armoured cars in okay uh like like like like like like like uh the valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs with the the the the the the okay I mean uh okay like stepstool Tyrion was was was was was was to use to cloak Sansa with the Lannister well okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died he died he died he died he died died died died died died he died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic the Slavic the Slavic the Slavic the the the the the the Slavic the Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and and and and and and inferior uh I mean uh okay so by the the the the the the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the the the the the the men uh okay like uh so in the Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll in the you know know know know know know uh I mean like uh Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, 17, uh you know so okay like 1974) was an American American American American American American businessperson and politician. The Democrat the Democrat the Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat the Democrat the Democrat the Democrat King you you you you you you know okay you know you know well served as the the the the the the first United States Representative from California's 17th well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like I mean Bus Station, a transport congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion started forming in the I mean okay um you you you you you you know well station, and as a result bus bus bus bus bus bus stations started spreading towards well so so well like the the the the the the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates it participates it participates it participates it it it it it it participates it participates in lectures and other projects with the the the the the the uh um so well you know local university and the the the the the the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls calls calls calls calls calls Arbanasi in 1685 a village well like like like like like like like so so of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first in Dacia, Dacia, Dacia, Dacia, Dacia, Dacia, um well uh like so and there were local local local local local local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the as the as the as the as the the the the the the as the only ethnic Chinese peer in The The The The The The House like um like so like of Lords, Lord Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei also takes an interest in British Chinese um so um um um um um um I mean you know community issues, particularly in social social social social social social reform and also economic, you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is simon is simon is simon is simon simon simon simon simon simon is simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier skier skier skier skier skier who is you know okay so like okay okay okay okay okay okay constantly innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio Ambrosio twice, and um well so so like the second second second second second second time he told him that he had um well well well well well well you know um you know decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the well well well well well well you know well okay so ground on the the the the the the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja I I I I I I mean okay so okay um buses and the more more more more more more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which so I mean um um um um um um well so is the longest bus rapid transit system system system system system system in the world, so okay uh so well boasting some some some some some some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest interest interest interest interest interest like like uh so okay in social justice and a gifted linguist linguist linguist linguist linguist linguist from you know I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, well so so okay I mean and he describes describes describes describes describes describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - you know you you you you you you know I mean like like Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is um like like like like like like I mean um okay largely localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles vesicles vesicles vesicles vesicles vesicles between the flagellar pocket um uh you know know know know know know so I mean and the nucleus and binds to to to to to to ApoL1 using like um you know um um a coiled -- -- -- -- -- -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the the the the the the Holmes County like well okay I mean okay School School School School School School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 so like like like like like like uh I mean okay in Pirituba principality of São São São São São São Gonçalo do Amarante and died like well you know like like like like like like uh from a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County County County County County County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end end end end end end okay okay well um I mean of 25 25 25 25 25 25 June and the 49th Division continued the so so okay so so so so so so like attack southwards until 1 July, when the the the the the the division um uh okay so so saw off a a a a a a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away away away away away away reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the like like like like like like uh okay uh uh only child of Christiane and Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by by by by by by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin jimmy Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin Ruffin jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and you you you you you you know so so like you know was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining up up up up up up well like uh um okay and passing under Kentish Town Town Town Town Town Town and Kings Cross, running you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon while Osorkon while Osorkon while Osorkon Osorkon Osorkon Osorkon Osorkon Osorkon while Osorkon while Osorkon II's precise reign length length length length length length is unknown, some Egyptologists you know so well um um um um um um well such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 book uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh I mean Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and and and and and and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie 'B bernie bernie bernie bernie bernie bernie 'B bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a a a a a a well okay okay uh I mean bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre Pierre uh well well I mean um Deland, violinist of the royal royal royal royal royal royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine uh well uh you know know know know know know um Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser dresser dresser dresser dresser dresser of like like well like well the queen, and his oncle, oncle, oncle, oncle, oncle, oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health ryrie's health ryrie's health ryrie's health ryrie's ryrie's ryrie's ryrie's ryrie's ryrie's health ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling falling falling falling falling falling unconscious okay okay like well um and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world is um um um um um um I mean so uh like children, and, caring for his his his his his his children's welfare, permits Kay I mean uh so like like to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in referred in referred in referred in referred referred referred referred referred referred in referred in the media as the Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince Prince of you know you know um well um um um um um um Tollywood, he is one of the most popular and influential influential influential influential influential influential actors well um like well so of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero Award okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um uh for the prom as well as as as as as as the Bob Speltzer I mean well well um um Community Community Community Community Community Community Service Award by the Q Center for so I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know his work on LGBT issues and and and and and and the Community Hero Award I mean um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping Logan you know um okay um like into molten molten molten molten molten molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um like Bois, used pigeon Island as his his his his his his base, he forged well um um you know you know know know know know know an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is I I I I I I mean so I mean um well a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her daughters, daughters, daughters, daughters, daughters, daughters, (Tania uh okay okay well I mean and Mariah) and and and and and and twin sons ( Kanani and Keli'i ) uh well well well well well well well you know you know all four who help run run run run run run the center. , and Villalobos' staff of uh um um um um um um uh uh okay volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy I mean well uh um like losses due Sarmiento's Sarmiento's Sarmiento's Sarmiento's Sarmiento's Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually fell you know know know know know know you know okay well well in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well so uh incident, which will include include include include include include salvaging the fuselages of the you know um you you you you you you know I mean you know two helicopters, which were were were were were were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath well okay I mean you know like Jake's porch, leading him to to to to to to send his wife and well like like so you know know know know know know daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and henry and henry and henry and henry and and and and and and henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, I I I I I I mean um you know um so and Henry was subject subject subject subject subject subject to long imprisonment by like like so so well Hugh; Hugh; Hugh; Hugh; Hugh; Hugh; but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album the album the album the album album album album album album the album the album features the lead single single single single single single 'Hollywood's Not I mean okay I mean so I I I I I I mean America, 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during 'during 'during 'during 'during 'during the okay okay you know so um seventh season of the the the the the the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know so um a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last the last the last the last the last last last last last last the last power - up for Judge is unknown; you you you you you you know well uh I mean you know perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has rachel has rachel has rachel has has has has has has rachel has rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in in in in in in well so uh um okay itself does not prove that that that that that that Bess was in service at um okay well uh you know know know know know know Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink they drink they drink they drink they drink drink drink drink drink drink they drink together, and she tells him of her so um um um um um um like like okay parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high school school school school school school uh I mean I mean you know uh basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as one of um um um um um um well I mean like like the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be be be be be be okay I mean well you know well given as 5 5 5 5 5 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km km km km km km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay fort Mackay fort Mackay fort Mackay fort fort fort fort fort fort Mackay fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an an an an an an airfield built to uh you know you know so so so so so so like service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural um well so I mean so Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE NYSE NYSE NYSE NYSE NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, following this, following this, following this, following this, this, this, this, this, this, following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive internal so well like like okay reconstruction to a a a a a a design by Architect George Coles; almost all okay you you you you you you know okay you know well the original ornate plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on on on on on on 9 February you know well well well uh 1931 1931 1931 1931 1931 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae reggae reggae reggae reggae reggae well you know like like I mean festivals occur occur occur occur occur occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the however, the however, the however, the however, the the the the the the however, the return of Goulding meant Briers was I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean like dropped to the the the the the the reserves, missing out on an appearance in okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like the final & Warrington Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh um the king's brother brother brother brother brother brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas um um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like did not ask for the usual bottle bottle bottle bottle bottle bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists scientists scientists scientists scientists scientists uh well so uh so and researchers that Crowley worked worked worked worked worked worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger younger younger younger younger younger uh um so well um with a cat mask, which which which which which which is the only part of her well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly I I I I I I mean you know uh um um efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in love like so so so so so so so you know uh with each other again and and and and and and after an argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have you know know know know know know you know so so uh files occupy a a a a a a multiple of sectors regardless of the you know know know know know know um I mean well uh file's actual size size size size size size files that do not fill a you know uh like like like like like like well like whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his like like like like like like so okay you know okay girlfriend was a student of of of of of of the Hong Kong like I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um like that the artisans say is is is is is is chemically unique but at okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know like there is also an an an an an an overall champion titled the okay uh so so like All All All All All All - Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in born in born in born in born born born born born born in born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, Staryi, Staryi, Staryi, Staryi, Staryi, in you know like I mean well um the Kalush Kalush Kalush Kalush Kalush Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well Austro - Hungarian Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's um so like like like like like like like I mean father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well like Hatfield warehouse during 1988, the US US US US US US Lone Star expert so well okay um okay Dallas Dallas Dallas Dallas Dallas Dallas. J. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is um um um um um um so uh okay like a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently currently currently currently currently currently playing for you know I mean um like uh Gillingham Gillingham Gillingham Gillingham Gillingham Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical Strait Strait Strait Strait Strait Strait like well I mean okay um of Anián and the the the the the the Island of California, which according so um like so so so so so so um to a previously published romance novel in Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on on on on on on so okay uh so like October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the the the the the the oldest like well okay you know like Catholic bishops; he he he he he he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke Gabrielle brooke brooke brooke brooke brooke brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser Fraser like um I mean well well (born 15 December December December December December December 1983), is a New Zealand musician best known uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh uh for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam the Amsterdam the Amsterdam the Amsterdam the Amsterdam Amsterdam Amsterdam Amsterdam Amsterdam Amsterdam the Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball well well well well well well um well like well team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al Al Al Al Al Al tarek Al tarek Al Ali (born 6 February February February February February February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good good good good good good like I mean um um you know reviews on on on on on on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and so like well well well well well well well you know has earned distinctive spots on various various various various various various site charts like mp3 I mean well you you you you you you know um you know. Com, gained a profitable orbit orbit orbit orbit orbit orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian pre-Columbian Maya okay like like so okay society can be inferred inferred inferred inferred inferred inferred only from their elaborate burial sMaya societies societies societies societies societies societies include so you know okay uh okay Toniná, a city city city city city city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal became uh you know like um uh its first honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded um I I I I I I mean okay so you know by the Prince Arthur, the the the the the the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an an an an an an American like well you know uh um rock musician from Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit that is most popular for his so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean work with Gwen Gwen Gwen Gwen Gwen Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of the the the the the the E you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, 1904, 1904, 1904, 1904, 1904, and in the okay I mean I mean so so so so so so um same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to to to to to to okay you know you know um um see if Fanny's Fanny's Fanny's Fanny's Fanny's Fanny's hat was there, but the door okay you you you you you you know so I mean like closed behind her and she she she she she she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham the Dedham the Dedham the Dedham the the the the the the Dedham the Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) Schools) Schools) Schools) Schools) Schools) okay okay like okay like is a PK PK PK PK PK PK -- 12 graded school district in um okay you know know know know know know like okay Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with with with with with with Tulasnellaceae, okay uh I mean uh like while epiphytic fungi may may may may may may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April April April April April April 1795 I mean um um well um -- 24 November 1857) 1857) 1857) 1857) 1857) 1857) was a British general well so you know um well well well well well well who is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' 'Hotel California' 'Hotel California' 'Hotel California' 'Hotel California' California' California' California' California' California' 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so well well chart for one week in in in in in in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a as a as a as a as a a a a a a as a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole tour tour tour tour tour tour in okay uh well uh well Australia will approximately earn earn earn earn earn earn $ 56 million, I mean I mean well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean though, with the addition of extra dates, the new new new new new new you know uh well I mean like Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll toll toll toll toll toll roads, and um well I mean you know know know know know know I mean in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act Act Act Act Act Act was signed so you know um um um um um um um um into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that that that that that that um like um okay okay was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to like like like like like like um well you know uh replace Ward with a futuristic man man man man man man named Cuber; furthermore, like so um like like like like like like like Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted like um like uh I mean by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created created created created created created so like you know so so in 1965 and and and and and and covers the ceremonial county of Greater I mean uh uh well well well well well well um London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' Plane' Plane' Plane' Plane' Plane' 'Paper Plane' 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally originally originally originally originally originally by uh um um I mean okay Status Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, which was released as a single in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well 1972 (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is a part of the San Francisco Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay um I mean um okay well Area. By 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and and and and and and you know um so um I mean potato, Christina thought thought thought thought thought thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, um um um um um um you know you know uh you know the gratin gratin gratin gratin gratin gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular one particular one particular one particular one particular one one one one one one particular defender of the idea of species selection is you know know know know know know okay I mean uh well S. J. Gould who has proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed the view that so okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape well well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh evolution beyond the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for for for for for for well uh uh I mean you know two years years years years years years Thrace was in the hands of Halil Pasha, so so so so so so so okay well uh the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at like like like like like like well you know I mean you know the Silver Tassie Tassie Tassie Tassie Tassie Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and like like like like like like I mean uh well okay his wife had agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed to an amicable separation um so so so uh and and and and and and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part so so so so so so uh you know uh you know of the archipelago, caused by by by by by by the convergence of mild and like um uh you know uh humid humid humid humid humid humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other other other other other other of like uh like okay well the pre-Grouping pre-Grouping pre-Grouping pre-Grouping pre-Grouping pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case Case Case Case Case Case okay so like well uh of Gabriel Perry', and spent spent spent spent spent spent the remainder of the decade playing you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is okay well well well well well well so I mean well within a song featuring producer and and and and and and lyricist Rebel MC, you know uh okay um uh in in in in in in which a sample was taken from a much so so so so so so so I mean uh uh older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of of of of of of so I mean well so okay AlPO 4 and and and and and and have framework structures with microporous well I mean so well well well well well well well cavities and the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll atroll atroll atroll atroll atroll threatened them as as as as as as they came, one uh you know okay you know like like like like like like by one; the two older ran off, but the the the the the the youngest like um um okay you know set out, out, out, out, out, out, having asked for food, and when the troll I I I I I I mean like well okay so threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) 450) 450) 450) 450) 450) like uh uh so I mean and and and and and and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may may may may may may be a mythical like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' um so so so so so so so um okay film series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon from from from from from from um uh I mean um like June 8, 2013 to to to to to to July 17, 2014. The season introduces, you know so well well well well well well you know you know Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and and and and and and I mean uh uh well like his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in in in in in in 1894 the I mean like like you know know know know know know okay scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to the the the the the the like okay so well like British public; only four four four four four four years later, Britain and France were indeed like so like like like like like like you know I mean on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay I mean is in the the the the the the process of developing a 10 acre wetland well um um um um um um I mean you know well site having already installed stone stone stone stone stone stone paths at a cost of um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in in in in in in Denmark like you know I mean you know so so so so so so in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman well well well well well well well well well um and financier, he is the executive chairman chairman chairman chairman chairman chairman & CEO so okay okay okay so of Investcorp, a a a a a a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award award award award award award - so okay okay okay you know winning filmmaker who who who who who who has produced and directed over 70 I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like okay um professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also lunghar, also lunghar, also lunghar, also lunghar, also also also also also also lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located located located located located located so you know I mean uh I mean north north north north north north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, you know you you you you you you know you know uh you know India Lunghar is villagers villagers villagers villagers villagers villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, addiction, addiction, addiction, addiction, addiction, an example well uh well well like being the the the the the the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it as it as it as it as it it it it it it as it was designed to be a summer summer summer summer summer summer retreat for the um okay um like you know know know know know know aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; the the the the the the uh uh I mean well so villa was named after after after after after after an elm planted in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Takara Takara Takara Takara Takara Co. Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese toy I mean I mean well um okay company company company company company company founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese so so so so so so uh like well I mean toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret willy Monfret willy Monfret willy Monfret willy willy willy willy willy willy Monfret willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / / / / / / actor / like you know you know uh well DJ and and and and and and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won she won she won she won she she she she she she won she won three gold medals at the 1967 1967 1967 1967 1967 1967 Pan uh okay so okay okay American Games Games Games Games Games Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda notes dayananda dayananda dayananda dayananda dayananda dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where you know know know know know know I mean I mean um okay the lead character is is is is is is not am ambitious okay uh okay you know so feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist but is a woman based in the home okay you you you you you you know okay okay well but a sensitive woman who is beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the well um um um um um um okay so uh space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld like okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so attempted to pull him back to congratulate him him him him him him uh okay you know um okay after their handshake, with the the the the the the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church um um um um um um uh I mean you know I mean tradition and and and and and and a benefactor to local churches, paying for I mean like like like like like like so um um the restoration of his local church and for for for for for for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war war war war war war against like I mean um well well the Byzantine Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire and against the Turks in the east, and and and and and and I mean you know well like uh negotiations negotiations negotiations negotiations negotiations negotiations of peace had just begun with the Emperor Tiberius II, II, II, II, II, II, but uh I mean like I mean uh Hormizd Hormizd Hormizd Hormizd Hormizd Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi gEC Marconi gEC Marconi gEC Marconi gEC Marconi Marconi Marconi Marconi Marconi Marconi gEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their like like like like like like like uh okay um Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong strong strong strong strong strong you know okay okay I mean like emphasis on on on on on on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer you you you you you you know so like well you know a part of of of of of of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for well uh I I I I I I mean I mean uh that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results the results the results the results the results the the the the the the results of an ECG will point to a uh I mean so so so so so so okay okay heart illness and can only be be be be be be deciphered to be uh well I mean okay uh athlete's athlete's athlete's athlete's athlete's athlete's heart through careful examination by a health like like you know know know know know know you know okay care practioner which will commonly notice normal normal normal normal normal normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian all Australian states require that firearms must be locked um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean in steel cabinets or safes, with with with with with with the ammunition (and like uh I mean um well bolt if if if if if if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' 8' 8' 8' 8' 8' I mean I mean you know uh okay and and and and and and parallels a look at King David's life with um well okay I I I I I I mean okay his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay LLP and Roberts McGivney Zagotta Zagotta Zagotta Zagotta Zagotta Zagotta LLP before becoming a well uh well uh um baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports you you you you you you know okay okay you know so Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local local local local local local government in so I mean I mean uh so Wolverhampton; Wolverhampton; Wolverhampton; Wolverhampton; Wolverhampton; Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know kennel is a small shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, often built in the shape of a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh little house, in which a dog dog dog dog dog dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing providing providing providing providing providing further um you know uh I mean okay education to to to to to to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not well well well well well well I mean uh well you know reflect the current content content content content content content of either site, um well well um you know know know know know know however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh I mean 2010 season for the the the the the the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 so 279 so so so so so so 279 so 279 so 279 so 279 so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like I mean with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located um um um um um um um like so so in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, since then, since then, since then, then, then, then, then, then, since then, since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the the the the the the you know okay so um okay island and as as as as as as of 2004, the State of Florida was was was was was was okay okay so uh you know offering a site in in in in in in the Island Gardens project on well so so um um um um um um I mean Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on construction on construction on construction on construction on on on on on on construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council the Council the Council the Council Council Council Council Council Council the Council the Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President outgoing President outgoing President outgoing President outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing outgoing President outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the the the the the the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field um um um um um um um so like like. The 61st transitioned to the F - - - - - - 80 Shooting Star and so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / um okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know UMinho in the opening round round round round round round but their domestic campaign ended so you know okay like like like like like like uh with a 5th place finish and therefore the you you you you you you know like well okay okay team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only only only only only only food he uh like so you know like has is coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, Hokkien, Hokkien, Hokkien, Hokkien, Hokkien, which includes the I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh um Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople the townspeople the townspeople the townspeople townspeople townspeople townspeople townspeople townspeople the townspeople the townspeople don't seem to mind, as as as as as as she is so I mean uh uh okay an an an an an an attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not you know know know know know know so okay like okay a crime if the perpetrator is a a a a a a beautiful woman), and I mean well okay so like as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released he released he released he he he he he he released he released he released his first two recordings in in in in in in Australia before um um um like uh moving to to to to to to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) Poland) Poland) Poland) Poland) Poland) um so I mean you know like is a Polish pop pop pop pop pop pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's the committee's the committee's the committee's the committee's committee's committee's committee's committee's committee's the committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the the the the the the uh um I mean like okay first in mid- 1935, 1935, 1935, 1935, 1935, 1935, as the committee launched a major probe into into into into into into I mean okay I mean okay you know utility companies companies companies companies companies companies funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University uh um um um um um um I mean well like of Deusto, and completed follow - up up up up up up studies at okay you know so um so the École École École École École École Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the like uh well well well well well well you know okay 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became he became he became he became became became became became became he became he became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Wilhelm II okay okay you know uh you know 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was she was also a trend starter, the fact that that that that that that Taglioni so like like well uh scandalously shortened her skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts skirts for La Sylphide to show off her okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay you know feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know well in the Edgartown School School School School School School as an instructional technology specialist and okay well you know know know know know know well uh as an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti Ti Ti Ti Ti Ti cars appeared um like so I mean like like like like like like in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond um okay okay you know um film 'Quantum of of of of of of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 you know know know know know know uh you know so well August 1929) was a career solider solider solider solider solider solider who commanded the First um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the uh well well well well well well well well well first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain so so so so so so um well you know okay Marvel series until until until until until until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film film film film film film which okay you know uh you know okay takes takes takes takes takes takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in in in in in in uh okay like um okay Melbourne, in the Australian state state state state state state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on um um um um um um like well um okay the 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Dizzee Dizzee Dizzee Dizzee Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a I I I I I I mean like like well you know 'seven - volume series,' Mareh Mareh Mareh Mareh Mareh Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie sidonie sidonie sidonie sidonie sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and and and and and and therefore like okay so I mean okay refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm like like like like like like you know uh uh well later, Julius Penrose, Arthur's other other other other other other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', um well like you know so ) is is is is is is a continuation in the traditions of so I mean so you you you you you you know like the Church of the East, one of the the the the the the oldest well like well like well Christian churches whose origins trace back back back back back back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of the well well well well well well uh okay well um characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student student student student student student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from from from from from from Qing uh I mean I mean like well Dynasty when when when when when when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the First First First First First First Sino - you know well you know you know know know know know know uh Japanese War to made China discontinue the influence on on on on on on Korea uh so okay so I mean and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of of of of of of the okay so um okay like 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh so Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a a a a a a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so like and won five Tony Awards, and and and and and and the musical has been uh uh um like like revived revived revived revived revived revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state state state state state state uh uh uh um so of Andhra Pradesh, it is located located located located located located on like um like okay so the the the the the the banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation organisation Vrij okay uh uh like like Historisch Onderzoek Onderzoek Onderzoek Onderzoek Onderzoek Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from prison prison prison prison prison prison uh well I mean uh you know he was was was was was was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, 1191, 1191, 1191, 1191, 1191, when well okay like like you know King Richard I I I I I I of England captured it on his way you know know know know know know so uh okay I mean to the Third Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy 'Flying Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy Easy 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - well well well well well well well okay I mean you know third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but uh you know know know know know know I mean I mean well are attacked by the Air Air Air Air Air Air Force, however, they manage like like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known known known known known known as I mean so well like you know 'Flame Ministries' CFC CFC CFC CFC CFC CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know okay the organization involved in production of audio audio audio audio audio audio - okay you know um uh you know visual presentations and and and and and and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and and and and and and 273, I mean okay I mean um well by Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of I mean okay so like so Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to to to to to to cadmium was um uh I mean I mean so high, high, high, high, high, high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium became apparent, um um um um um um uh like well well industrial limits on on on on on on cadmium exposure have been reduced in most industrialized okay you you you you you you know I mean I mean well nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the here, the here, the here, the here, the the the the the the here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was was was was was was okay I mean um um like presented, which which which which which which required teams to locate a harbor I mean like like like like like like I mean uh well in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and you you you you you you know um uh um I mean is the home to to to to to to Petit Le Mans, as well I mean I mean um um um um um um you know uh as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call Call Call Call Call Call well you know you know like I mean Sign: 'NO4' ) ) ) ) ) ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although well well well well well well well well like like there is a dress code, however however however however however however in 2006 'Smart uh like so um like like like like like like Fridays' were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a a a a a a Master's uh uh like you know well degree with some some some some some some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding Bachelor's degrees making you know know know know know know like so well you know up the remainder; all newly newly newly newly newly newly credentialed and future so so so well okay anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number number number number number number of boat houses marked so so well uh you you you you you you know on old maps, including two on the Arborfield Arborfield Arborfield Arborfield Arborfield Arborfield estate, one of you know well so um so which still still still still still still exists, one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal the centrifugal the centrifugal the centrifugal centrifugal centrifugal centrifugal centrifugal centrifugal the centrifugal the centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a a a a a a so okay like well like conventional engine and propeller mounted mounted mounted mounted mounted mounted on the tail of the uh well well I I I I I I mean you know airship; the rolled seams intended intended intended intended intended intended to hold the I mean so okay um um um um um um uh panels together subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used I mean like like like like like like I mean so I mean for the nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is I mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well I mean to use a thermistor or or or or or or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; um so um um um um um um um so both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean like a free agent agent agent agent agent agent with the New York Rangers on July um so um um um um um um so um 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in in in in in in so okay um well I mean 1891, and the Chandigarh Chandigarh Chandigarh Chandigarh Chandigarh Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony as as as as as as I mean uh uh uh uh well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was there was there was there was there was was was was was was there was some initial evidence that statin therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy might so you know uh okay uh reduce vasospasm, however, a a a a a a subsequent meta - well you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh analysis including three further trials did not demonstrate evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry well so okay I mean okay for Venezuela Venezuela Venezuela Venezuela Venezuela Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, uh I mean so okay okay Alexander could be cut off off off off off off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana you you you you you you know well so um I mean (goblin attendants of Shiva); one one one one one one of the attendants -- well okay well okay you know know know know know know placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry carry carry carry carry carry okay like well like okay a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz Deceptikonz Deceptikonz Deceptikonz Deceptikonz Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group group group group group group formed in I mean um you know like well 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and Mareko and and and and and and uh um I mean like uh who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence defence defence defence defence defence of the well so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean city just prior to the Second Boer War, War, War, War, War, War, though some okay so you know so well are today today today today today today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred referred referred referred referred referred as like so uh like like Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 1898 1898 1898 1898 1898 -- 26 November um uh well like so 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces convinces bernard convinces bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in in in in in in the um I mean I mean um you know know know know know know Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that Luke I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean well is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply simply simply simply simply simply describes okay like you know I mean so the order order order order order order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin so uh so so you know C are being being being being being being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, you you you you you you know I mean okay so you know but clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the the the the the the I mean okay okay like um University of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so he gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his his his his his his presidency, you know so so uh you know all to to to to to to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from from from from from from like you know you know you know like the album) album) album) album) album) album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division Division Division Division Division Division uh you know I mean I mean well I. UTSA UTSA UTSA UTSA UTSA UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on okay uh well so I I I I I I mean July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June in June in June in June in in in in in in June in June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like so citizenship and in May May May May May May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church he well well okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers brothers brothers brothers brothers brothers like uh like so like as aliens, men with whom whom whom whom whom whom we share a city, well I mean well like like like like like like you know but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming uh um um um um um um so I mean I mean to have been been been been been been sent by the Sultan of you know like like like like like like um I mean okay Sulu landed in Sabah and and and and and and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian I mean so so so so so so you know uh well police, at least least least least least least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, a a a a a a former uh like I mean I mean you know know know know know know mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, for 2014, for 2014, for 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, for 2014, for 2014, the theme park will open open open open open open Cbeebies land on the you know you know um um um um um um well you know old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, Farmyard, Farmyard, Farmyard, Farmyard, Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams medical exams medical exams medical exams medical exams exams exams exams exams exams medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know court to dispute the the the the the the theory and in the special features like uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh like section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received he received he received he received he he he he he he received he received his BA from the University uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well of Chicago in 1989, 1989, 1989, 1989, 1989, 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought hall fought hall fought hall fought hall fought hall fought fought fought fought fought fought throughout with great ability, possibly not well um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay always wisely, considering that he had a a a a a a young family um you know so so well to care for; for; for; for; for; for; but as he said himself well you know know know know know know so uh uh afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also also also also also also took you know well well um okay part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments arguments arguments arguments arguments arguments and okay you know um well uh cited a range range range range range range of sources supporting the doctrine so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like of the Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Common Common Common Common Common well like I mean so well Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death death death death death death you know you know uh uh uh sentence, which which which which which which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering discovering so um I mean you know uh that the the the the the the demons are herbivores and eat half their uh so so so so so so like um like weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that that that that that that uh like well you know I mean is performed in in in in in in an operatic style, or a song, theme or okay like like like like like like so so okay motif from classical music stylized as pop. The The The The The The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues well like I mean um okay and body body body body body body cavities where they are present, which depending you know you you you you you you know I mean um okay on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German German German German German German so so well I mean uh colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging messaging messaging messaging messaging messaging um so well so like application for businesses that was was was was was was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so I mean a British Labour Party Party Party Party Party Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open Data Data Data Data Data Data well like so well um Experience (CODE) appathon on the the the the the the the weekend of February 28 to um well well like um um um um um um March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know you know uh eight months earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella well like you know I I I I I I mean well and Royce Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like um by association can also also also also also also take a case even if I mean okay well well well well well well um um they do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or or or or or or prohibiting uh like so you know okay assault weapon manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh you know injustice, for for for for for for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the retreating Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax I mean you know okay I mean you know ship ship ship ship ship ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up up up up up up like like well well I mean with Lois Lane after after after after after after his X-ray vision reveals that you know um like well well she's she's she's she's she's she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in so so so so so so I mean so well I mean the franchise, Lois has has has has has has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil War, had well okay I mean like like served two terms terms terms terms terms terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another well well well well well well - so like well um you know known station in in in in in in the area from 1925 until well okay you you you you you you know like okay 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused caused caused caused caused caused so uh uh uh uh irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible changes in two small areas of the rat you you you you you you know uh uh uh I mean brain, which, however, however, however, however, however, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % % % % % % uh so well I mean like bioavailability of phylloquinone, however, fat fat fat fat fat fat added to it increases well uh um you know know know know know know okay bioavailability to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins it begins it begins it begins it it it it it it begins it begins by specifying which animals are forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden so you know like uh you know and which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one of the the the the the the you know like so uh um most famous carp carp carp carp carp carp lakes in the country, whilst the okay I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries galleries galleries galleries galleries galleries you know I mean so you know uh and has has has has has has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey and like okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know you know is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black the black the black the black the black black black black black black the black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also also also also also also known like like well um um as 'Blue Drum' for for for for for for its dark and hint of well you know know know know know know uh uh um blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations investigations investigations investigations investigations investigations of like you know so okay like murders, and three three three three three three missing person reports in the state um uh um like like like like like like like since 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet like like like like like like um um okay so Linda Gregg to whom he was was was was was was married for six so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay um years, and was also married to Michiko Nogami (a (a (a (a (a (a I mean okay um I mean you know language instructor based in in in in in in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of of of of of of um um well you know um Fallot (TOF), that will will will will will will require him to undergo at least I mean I I I I I I mean okay I mean so three open heart surgeries in in in in in in his life, one of uh like okay I mean I mean which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and and and and and and not like I mean well well so 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 2 2 2 2 2 November 1979 you know I mean so so well well well well well well ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos wear Smith's uh well well okay I mean left - handed handed handed handed handed handed glove, this being the reason behind um I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um I mean him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections like you you you you you you know like you know okay of Highways 216 216 216 216 216 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) you you you you you you know so like uh like was the principal figure of of of of of of the Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly okay I mean well well well well well well well well known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic so so so so so so um okay um you know awards -- platinum is achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know like a legal term term term term term term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by well well well well well well so okay so like Swiss entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused focused focused focused focused focused on improving comfort, well um okay like okay design, design, design, design, design, design, performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town the town the town the town the the the the the the town the town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class 'Class S well uh well like you know State Championship' for the the the the the the past 8 years, recently in the okay like like like like like like okay um okay past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi Khulusi so well well um like were: the Irish peer peer peer peer peer peer Rowland George I mean well like um uh Allanson Allanson Allanson Allanson Allanson Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), 1935), 1935), 1935), 1935), 1935), who um so like okay like was also known known known known known known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, in Essex, in Essex, in Essex, in in in in in in Essex, in Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss loss loss loss loss loss I mean uh okay uh um of 58 lives lives lives lives lives lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former former former former former former like well okay I mean um CEO, Jerry Jarrett in in in in in in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor um um um um um um like well so uh the power of the 76 mm mm mm mm mm mm main gun of I mean I mean you know know know know know know like okay a KV - 1, and and and and and and the narrower track width of I mean so like like like like like like like okay the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws so so so so so so you know so you know I mean than chemical formulations, formulations, formulations, formulations, formulations, formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean you know metabolic changes seen seen seen seen seen seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 1856 1856 1856 1856 1856 like uh uh okay so -- May 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field I mean so so so so so so I mean I mean well marshal who was was was was was was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end end end end end end you know uh so I mean well results, such such such such such such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay well reason, those with experience in in in in in in the field make detailed uh so like I mean okay plans plans plans plans plans plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B um um um um um um you know well you know like (Long Island NY) received received received received received received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), 1942), 1942), 1942), 1942), 1942), is an so um I mean okay uh American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early you you you you you you know I mean like like well October and peace peace peace peace peace peace between Poland and Sweden could be established in in in in in in I mean well um like like November 1705, which which which which which which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he he he he he he keeps okay um like you know you know his witnessing witnessing witnessing witnessing witnessing witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself lest he well um um um um um um well I mean uh meet a similarly unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate accident; in return for uh okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note this note this note this note this this this this this this note this note will appear beneath the article's entry on on on on on on the I mean well you know um um nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know like at Chalmers Institute of Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and uh um you know like like like like like like well a Ph. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology okay well so uh well in Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules capture molecules capture molecules capture molecules capture capture capture capture capture capture molecules capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, however, however, however, however, however, I mean um like so I mean more recently there has has has has has has been a push towards other like I mean uh like like like like like like I mean types of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 42 42 42 42 42 um um so I mean like players drafted in in in in in in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the women's women's women's women's women's women's so okay so so I mean basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the during the during the during the during during during during during during the during the overnight fast the body naturally switches switches switches switches switches switches into uh you know like um um ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based um um um um um um like you know I mean okay on her her her her her her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they they they they they they should get well um I mean uh so involved, explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered it entered it entered it entered entered entered entered entered entered it entered it entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened opened opened opened opened opened beforehand by the 15th well like uh like well well well well well well (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know like well the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, in 1983, in 1983, in 1983, in 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, 1983, in 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil you know um uh uh I mean Wigger as the the the the the the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm Never like okay um um um um um um like okay Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean um - long long long long long long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, but well well well well well well um so okay I mean both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is he is he is he is he he he he he he is he is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With With With With With With Your I mean okay okay so okay Girlfriend' which which which which which which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has has has has has has posted you know okay so okay I mean a 3 3 3 3 3 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 uh so so so so so so well okay okay ERA in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA 94 94 94 94 94 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA in 2013, a well uh I mean well um um um um um um 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the okay I I I I I I mean um you know like same words into the the the the the the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so two sides; if the guest guest guest guest guest guest had received an 'empty I mean so so okay well door,' door,' door,' door,' door,' door,' a taped response from the second person um um um um um um uh okay well well was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; strength; strength; strength; strength; strength; endurance and like I mean like you you you you you you know I mean durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in in in in in in well so okay okay um the uterus can can can can can can cause entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Fleming travelled well uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção Acção Acção Acção Acção Acção or Youth for you know uh uh well like Change Change Change Change Change Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission among um um um um um um okay well um well Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive positive positive positive positive positive behavior um well well okay you know change in in in in in in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they like okay okay okay okay okay okay um well well were relegated in 1961, but finished finished finished finished finished finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Peyote, Santos well uh so you know well and Cabo Cabo Cabo Cabo Cabo Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a I mean okay so so so so so so I mean you know Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very very very very very very low skyline; uh well so um I mean with with with with with with the advent of the skyscraper, residents um I I I I I I mean well um so were concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August on August on August on August on August on on on on on on August 20, 2015, he signed with the okay uh okay well well well well well well so Pelicans, but was later waived by the team team team team team team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have like like like like like like like well I mean uh been with the school school school school school school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he when he when he when he when when when when when when he when he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments tournaments tournaments tournaments tournaments tournaments so so well uh I mean in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to according to according to according to according according according according according according to according to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the the the the the the like I mean so you know um um um um um um 12th century, there were opportunities for female education education education education education education in like uh like okay I mean the medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and and and and and and well okay okay I mean uh resumned his practice; practice; practice; practice; practice; practice; he was active in organizing you know know know know know know like so so so the Republican Party in in in in in in the state, and was appointed like I mean so so so so so so like um the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break I mean so so so so so so I mean uh like of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role okay you know know know know know know well uh you know as a commentator on motor sport, sport, sport, sport, sport, sport, first at SBS like well um um like TV TV TV TV TV TV then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, like like like like like like so like okay uh then moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach well well well well well well like um I mean well the Moon without T T T T T T - mat, those responsible for the uh uh so well well well well well well well system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has has has has has has been uh you know okay okay um privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh so 2009 to 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January in January in January in January in January January January January January January in January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, divisions, divisions, divisions, divisions, divisions, composed I mean well you know okay you know of of of of of of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so I mean organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is one is one is one is one one one one one one is one is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, um um um um um um so okay you know well and is a part of Palm Palm Palm Palm Palm Palm Beach County School District, I mean like well well I I I I I I mean and the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, States, States, States, States, States, okay um like so well and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) honors) honors) honors) honors) honors) you know so so I mean um and there is is is is is is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , so so so so so so um well you know you know 936 F. 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case so okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of clouds of of of of of of clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), (lime), causing you know okay um I mean well well well well well well them to continue running in Abe's direction and and and and and and they well okay okay I mean like will only only only only only only calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of of of of of of the um um well um like race of creatures responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and 1. 8 8 8 8 8 8 I mean well you know okay um - litre and 2 2 2 2 2 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline engines; uh so well uh so a a a a a a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from 1992 uh so so so so so so uh you know um onwards, a 1. 6 6 6 6 6 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes okay you know like you know like cited as '(I Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost Lost My Heart to a) Starship uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Trooper', is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable notable notable notable notable notable like okay like like I mean as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in in in in in in uh you know well uh you know a ditch close to to to to to to the Leicestershire village of you know okay like like like like like like like like Twycross: a distance of from where she she she she she she had been abducted, and uh well I mean okay I I I I I I mean just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May in May in May in May in May in in in in in in May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship championship championship championship championship championship so uh well so like club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, Dimes, Dimes, Dimes, Dimes, Dimes, and you know uh um well you know the March March March March March March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, 000 I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like uh for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under under under under under under okay I mean okay you know I mean ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 in 1943 in 1943 in 1943 in in in in in in 1943 in 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted like um well so I mean of 'anti-Japanese 'anti-Japanese 'anti-Japanese 'anti-Japanese 'anti-Japanese 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found in like well like like like like like like I mean I mean the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, School, School, School, School, School, you know uh so uh so a science and and and and and and technology college, has now closed like you know know know know know know uh you know uh and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service service service service service service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians chaldean Christians chaldean Christians chaldean Christians chaldean Christians Christians Christians Christians Christians Christians chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون well um um um um um um I mean so so ) are ethnic Assyrian adherents of of of of of of the Chaldean Catholic Church, I mean so you know um so so so so so so most of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 1899) 1899) 1899) 1899) 1899) 1899) like okay I mean so um was the favorite grandson grandson grandson grandson grandson grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who left him well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay um $ 5 million, and the eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then ekman then ekman then ekman then ekman ekman ekman ekman ekman ekman then ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring measuring measuring measuring measuring measuring facial you know like uh um okay muscular movements movements movements movements movements movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves I mean like like like like like like okay like I mean had moved close to the the the the the the front, ready to I mean okay um well I mean exploit exploit exploit exploit exploit exploit a breakthrough and had advanced on time, then bunched up up up up up up um I mean um I mean you know with the the the the the the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway well well well well well well like so I mean okay in the 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, so I mean like like like like like like um like were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should 'Wilson should 'Wilson should 'Wilson should 'Wilson 'Wilson 'Wilson 'Wilson 'Wilson 'Wilson should 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to to to to to to renew like well so like well public interest in the the the the the the band; given that they're pulling well like um well well well well well well you know out all the stops, they deserve deserve deserve deserve deserve deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the so so so so so so you know like well okay central tower and a team team team team team team led by Zelenka works okay okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh to repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before well well well well well well I mean so well well the city's power levels levels levels levels levels levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal the goal the goal the goal the the the the the the goal the goal of creative financing is generally generally generally generally generally generally to purchase, uh so um okay you know or or or or or or finance a property, with the buyer / investor using you know know know know know know so I mean you know so as little of his his his his his his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career career career career career career statistics at so so uh um you know South South South South South South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards like well well well well well well well well well (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season season season season season season for the well well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the the the the the the Izmir you know I mean so like you know Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where you know know know know know know like so well okay he stands accused of being being being being being being a member of the Gülen you know okay so so so so so so well like movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 88 88 88 88 88 million I mean I mean okay so um tons, it is is is is is is located in two main sites, in like you know know know know know know you know okay um northern Marseille from La Joliette to to to to to to l'Estaque and well like like um like in Fos - - - - - - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered offered offered offered offered offered direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of of of of of of weapons you know uh so so I mean into combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, combat, although the most popular choice is a uh like like like like like like uh okay well storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped uh I I I I I I mean you know so you know out of Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Lucas High School over his okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean like inability to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an an an an an an English I mean okay well you know you know football manager who who who who who who was also a player, notably at Derby uh well well well well well well well okay like County where he played 442 442 442 442 442 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee like well uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know - REE - yah) is is is is is is located in the central Matale um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know District of the Central Province, Sri Sri Sri Sri Sri Sri Lanka in an area dominated I mean okay like like like like like like uh well by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian um um um um um um okay um um okay states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow narrow narrow narrow narrow narrow you know like well okay like Labour majority was eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated due to by - election defeats okay okay so so so so so so so I mean and in order to remain in in in in in in power, Labour formed the so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of of of of of of the um okay I mean um like 'Institute of of of of of of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to well well well well well well I mean like I mean so escape from Iran to to to to to to the United States, where he so like okay so well well well well well well currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on okay you you you you you you know I mean like uh August 19, 2013 after the the the the the the House began its second ordinary so I mean um I I I I I I mean well session: so - and - so replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced Ferrer for representative uh I mean well so so so so so so um at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium t_Visionarium is t_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis uh well I mean okay okay Del Favero, Favero, Favero, Favero, Favero, Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed so so so so so so you know well well so through the iCinema Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at um okay you know know know know know know like I mean The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should tigrinya should tigrinya should tigrinya should tigrinya should should should should should should tigrinya should not be confused with the related uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay okay Tigre language, which is spoken in the the the the the the lowland regions you know I mean uh uh like of Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent sent sent sent sent sent you know you know you know you know you know Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um Railroad to become the Erie Lackawanna Lackawanna Lackawanna Lackawanna Lackawanna Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val Val Val Val Val Val d'Or, um okay I mean uh okay Quebec ) is a a a a a a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who uh you know well um um um um um um um plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in in in in in in well uh you know like um Australia and New New New New New New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not so so so so so so I mean uh uh okay contain any information about the the the the the the person to whom it um you know I mean so like is is is is is is assigned i. E. No information such as e. G. Gender Gender Gender Gender Gender Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began this began this began this began this this this this this this began this began a pattern of speculative ventures that he he he he he he well uh you know so you know ran alongside regular employment, employment, employment, employment, employment, employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family the family the family the family the the the the the the family the family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza Eszterháza Eszterháza Eszterháza Eszterháza Eszterháza near Dunajská Streda um I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay well in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does not not not not not not exist anymore like um okay um um and is not to to to to to to be confused with the later so like so so um castle castle castle castle castle castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the the the the the the I mean well so you know like operation and and and and and and agrees with Ty to get the I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean you know uh fuse Mike removed from from from from from from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, its repertoire, its its its its its its repertoire, its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, harmony, harmony, harmony, harmony, harmony, encompasses a um uh so so like wide wide wide wide wide wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works on you you you you you you know well you know okay um Jewish themes themes themes themes themes themes and songs of many countries but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she however, she however, she however, she however, however, however, however, however, however, she however, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during during during during during during I mean like like so I mean her 11th 11th 11th 11th 11th 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side side side side side side (much so so uh like um to the worry worry worry worry worry worry of Leo) and relish in their so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know new evil powers when a shape shape shape shape shape shape - shifting warlock and so uh okay like well demonic priestess trick trick trick trick trick trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a so so so so so so um uh you know okay truce with the Allies and and and and and and Wehrmacht and Waffen - so um so like like like like like like you know SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a a a a a a Doctor of okay okay okay well uh Medicine degree, but but but but but but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season the season the season the season the the the the the the season the season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) Hyland) Hyland) Hyland) Hyland) Hyland) I mean okay uh like like around the campfire one night, which which which which which which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart I I I I I I mean I mean I mean um you know know know know know know Mullins, a one - night stand; she is brought you know know know know know know uh okay you know so up by Mo and and and and and and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in in in in in in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' I I I I I I mean uh so like well as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the okay like like like like like like okay um um North African Campaign and ended Axis Axis Axis Axis Axis Axis hopes of um well so I mean okay occupying occupying occupying occupying occupying occupying Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb making I mean so you know uh you know know know know know know material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, Lanka, the I mean I mean you know like like screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, Westminster, okay like okay okay well the third son of John John John John John John Horne, a poulterer in Newport okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction well so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know manager for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles - area projects for you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - - - - - - uh you know so uh um blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro like like well so you know Football Hall of of of of of of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football okay uh so like like like like like like well Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, after this, after this, after this, after this, this, this, this, this, this, after this, Williams' version released another two albums you know know know know know know um you know well so of original material and he he he he he he went on to I mean you know um uh well well well well well well pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, and in so okay well uh I mean March 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Gate, Gate, Gate, Gate, Gate, Gate, well uh uh um um is the first town one one one one one one reaches on the Caribbean island um I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay well of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay uh their second - innings, setting the the the the the the Minor Counties a target of 362, I mean okay so well well well well well well um the Minor Counties could only manage to make 131 131 131 131 131 131 all out, okay you know I mean well well with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an an an an an an actual uh okay I mean uh um NWA - affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on the um um um um um um you know okay you know you know national scene, under under under under under under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so like his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that I I I I I I mean so uh um you know they believed believed believed believed believed believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution I mean you you you you you you know okay like um had not proven that Till Till Till Till Till Till had died, nor um so um um you you you you you you know that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge well well well well well well I mean so uh well in British India India India India India India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year year year year year year from so so uh um um December 26 to to to to to to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of of of of of of hedgehog ranges uh well you know you know like from from from from from from 30 to 40 days and the litter size can okay um um um um um um okay um uh vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and and and and and and well like well I mean you know the the Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated like like like like like like like I mean well you know guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was it was also the second single from that album, album, album, album, album, album, released okay so you know well I mean in June June June June June June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with a completely new new new new new new so so so like I mean version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars many scholars many scholars many scholars many many many many many many scholars many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an an an an an an abbreviated version so I mean uh you know um of 'Shibbolei 'Shibbolei 'Shibbolei 'Shibbolei 'Shibbolei 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works well okay okay I I I I I I mean like are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben ben ben ben ben ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne robert Browne robert Browne robert Browne robert Browne robert Browne Browne Browne Browne Browne Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, um like like like like like like uh like uh Louisiana, the grandson of former slaves, slaves, slaves, slaves, slaves, slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 on 30 on 30 on 30 on 30 on on on on on on 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE COPE COPE COPE COPE COPE I mean um like you know uh MPs had had had had had had defected to other parties due well you know know know know know know so so so to internal conflict, including the only COPE member member member member member member in well well I mean I mean um the the the the the the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Jello Jello Jello Jello Jello um so um like so Biafra, Alain Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the the the the the the um uh well well um band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these all these all these all these all these all all all all all all these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had had had had had had so you know I mean you know well been preparing defenses defenses defenses defenses defenses defenses for the attack, the operation would so um um um um um um um you know well clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a so so so so so so um um you know uh statue of Our Lady, overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking overlooking the canal, donated by well I mean so so so so so so you know like Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects well okay so so you know of Nicaraguan healthcare and in in in in in in the social and economic factors you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay so contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking um you you you you you you know uh um I mean a foramen, 'T 'T 'T 'T 'T 'T. Maculatus' often maculatus' often maculatus' often maculatus' often maculatus' maculatus' maculatus' maculatus' maculatus' maculatus' often maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is is is is is is jumping like like okay so you know into action action action action action action through a window, showing a woman is so well well well well well well um well I mean floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant was the so um um okay well only known known known known known known surviving XMC cruiser though a large well uh uh you know know know know know know you know number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt revolt revolt revolt revolt revolt against you know I mean so like um Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian Martian Martian Martian Martian Martian you know I mean um okay I mean allows Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such such such such such such as you know you know I mean like okay the the the the the the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer I mean like um like uh who played played played played played played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at representative level level level level level level uh I mean um okay so for England, and at at at at at at club level for Leeds, as okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh like a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that that that that that that like well like uh I mean was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for for for for for for the uh um you know I mean um army approaching approaching approaching approaching approaching approaching despite rain in the north, the family okay okay I I I I I I mean uh so longs to return to their their their their their their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation since annexation since annexation since annexation since annexation annexation annexation annexation annexation annexation since annexation most of the Girays has lived in okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um um Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total total total total total total of uh uh well um um anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind tove Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind Lind tove Lind tove Lind has appealed her sentence so so so so so so she will be so okay uh uh well released later later later later later later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences like I I I I I I mean like well you know might not change as as as as as as her sentence does not um you know um um um um um um um you know start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as as as as as as the uh uh okay so well Blight assumes that it it it it it it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms forms forms forms forms forms uh like okay um like -- when indeed we do do do do do do have it -- uh like you know like well is of of of of of of a higher order than knowledge of the mere you you you you you you know you know okay you know you know physical physical physical physical physical physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the the the the the the Liberal okay uh okay uh uh Democratic Party, which later later later later later later split from Koichi Kato, the so like well well well well well well um well man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction uh well well well well well well uh so you know the new cathedral started its its its its its its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor Chittoor like I mean well I mean so district, Indian state state state state state state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph um um um um um um you know okay like um B. Gachanja, the latter having retired retired retired retired retired retired in 2008 after achieving okay I mean um okay I I I I I I mean the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education Education Education Education Education Education okay you know like uh well at Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up a I I I I I I mean um I mean like um position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um um. U. N. Roy, settled and and and and and and spent his life here you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well carring out researches in ancient history. His historical work work work work work work like okay okay um okay on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In (In (In (In (In (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property property property property property property presentation or um um um like you know property property property property property property styling, the techniques have been televised by home stylist so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college college college college college college you know well uh so so campus are on on on on on on the National Register of Historic Places and are okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know uh maintained by the the the the the the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( ( ( ( ( ( Jim um I mean you know well I mean Travers Travers Travers Travers Travers Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), builders builders builders builders builders builders like like you know you know like of of of of of of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - - - - - - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, uh I I I I I I mean so okay well Australia, located approximately 45km 45km 45km 45km 45km 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was was was was was was so okay so um well the second - highest highest highest highest highest highest - selling album of that uh okay like so so so so so so well year, and their biggest chart hit since since since since since since 'For um okay so uh okay Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De zhu De zhu De zhu De zhu De De De De De De zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army you you you you you you know you know like so I mean active in in in in in in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of so so I I I I I I mean um you know the Second War Zone Zone Zone Zone Zone Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM the FM the FM the FM the the the the the the FM the FM broadcast band is also used by by by by by by some like uh uh um well inexpensive wireless wireless wireless wireless wireless wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know okay similar purposes, allowing the user user user user user user to use an FM radio like um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know I mean Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the the the the the the globe, and well well so so uh is an in in in in in in demand harmonica and piano teacher in NYC so well like so so so so so so you know. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved gallagher moved gallagher moved gallagher moved gallagher gallagher gallagher gallagher gallagher gallagher moved gallagher moved to New York to study acting at at at at at at the so uh like you know uh Juilliard School under under under under under under the tutelage of John Houseman, before uh uh you you you you you you know I mean well relocating to Los Angeles, California to to to to to to further pursue her like well like so okay career; career; career; career; career; career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster like like like like like like okay I mean okay uh that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta was um um like well okay appointed as Spain's King King King King King King of Arms by King Juan Carlos I; so so so so so so you know uh okay well he also succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this this this this this this like well like uh like game, and with the the the the the the scores 1 - 0 he um well um well like like like like like like wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were were were were were were enrolled I mean uh you know okay um in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure so okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well will be allowed to graduate as as as as as as Schenley alumni until like um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre 5kilometre so so well um uh - long long long long long long landing field and an apron with a capacity I I I I I I mean you know I mean like I mean of seven seven seven seven seven seven aircraft, and, although the runway is long okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so enough for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, gene, gene, gene, gene, gene, um so like uh um and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love 'Love well well um okay um Letters', where he develops develops develops develops develops develops a crush on Garnet before he was so well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh turned down, and appears once again in 'Historical 'Historical 'Historical 'Historical 'Historical 'Historical Friction,' where so uh like I mean um he he he he he he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by by by by by by Ner Yisrael so so okay uh you know Yeshivah in in in in in in Baltimore which led to him and his family being being being being being being sent like you know okay I mean so to to to to to to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house the house the house the house the house house house house house house the house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by well well well well well well okay so um okay the operating system for malloc and other other other other other other software with its well like um um I mean own own own own own own versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes multitude, multitude, multitude, multitude, multitude, multitude, Multitudes multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian computer okay so well I mean so scientist, a professor of of of of of of computer science at the University uh so well you know so so so so so so of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after I mean okay um so so so so so so like her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started mercier started mercier started mercier started mercier started started started started started started mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues so you you you you you you know okay uh you know of Argentine football in 2000, he he he he he he played for four different uh so so you know well clubs clubs clubs clubs clubs clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group group group group group group okay okay um like well of equivalences that that that that that that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, I mean like like you you you you you you know well identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at at at at at at so uh okay so so two ends; the body body body body body body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the the the the the the well like like okay okay MARTA rail system near near near near near near Fort McPherson, which well well well um you know know know know know know is slated to be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was leweck was leweck was leweck was leweck was was was was was was leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed you know uh well so well with a serious serious serious serious serious serious fault with a heart valve, so I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh which cost him him him him him him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) difuntas) difuntas) difuntas) difuntas) difuntas) I mean uh you know well okay and there is normally a a a a a a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog dog dog dog dog dog - toothed you know I mean you know so so so so so so um snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - - - - - - 2 locomotive like you know like uh I I I I I I mean of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, and you know like you know like like is coal coal coal coal coal coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable um like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate and hydrated like uh I mean so well lime, invented invented invented invented invented invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an an an an an an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' was made, but like like uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean the only member of the band featured was Amos since since since since since since well well um uh I mean by then, unable unable unable unable unable unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic Records she you know know know know know know I mean well um you know had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made made made made made made like I mean I mean you know well with their their their their their their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who you know know know know know know well uh okay okay has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff I I I I I I mean well well um um Thorburn 13 - 8 in which which which which which which the final was now you know so like okay well well well well well well played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer Summer you know okay well you know so Olympics in in in in in in London, United Kingdom will be held so okay um I I I I I I mean you know at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to to to to to to free uh so I mean so so the captives, which resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during you know you you you you you you know so I mean um which Tewodros committed suicide by by by by by by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan when Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the um um um um um um like you know like you know Indian National Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, leaders so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh I mean and the learned who were devotees devotees devotees devotees devotees devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi indira Gandhi indira Gandhi indira Gandhi indira indira indira indira indira indira Gandhi indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, Arts, Arts, Arts, Arts, Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) so so like well uh (Devanagari: इन्दिरा इन्दिरा इन्दिरा इन्दिरा इन्दिरा इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier you know know know know know know um uh you know like government funded arts organization organization organization organization organization organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP well well well well well well well like like like students to earn an M M M M M M. B. , B. S okay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay sokay I mean so you know I mean. Degree. Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within within within within within within the so I mean you know well so squad squad squad squad squad squad and soon receive a call - up to um um um um um um uh um um so the Chinese under - - - - - - 20 team's squad in July I mean you you you you you you know uh like uh 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The suetonius, The suetonius, The suetonius, The The The The The The suetonius, The suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24 24 24 24 24 24. 1 In Appian's um well um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland you know know know know know know so well uh um moved on to an NFL coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching career, beginning his coaching um so okay okay well well well well well well career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and I I I I I I mean I mean so okay well came to live in in in in in in the New World where they intermarried I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay okay I mean with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at you know know know know know know so uh I mean uh Lowdown At the Albany Albany Albany Albany Albany Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, he okay uh like um well well well well well well also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner originally, Wegner Wegner Wegner Wegner Wegner Wegner originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series um um um um um um um okay well well of horizontal layers, but the strata strata strata strata strata strata has been like well like like you you you you you you know tilted associated with the formation of Artillery Mountains, Mountains, Mountains, Mountains, Mountains, Mountains, uh so okay um so and millennia of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not not not not not not well well so um uh only goes to the the the the the the fair, but later on you know uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay that night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was like like like like like like I mean okay so you know first settled settled settled settled settled settled when the train station was settled around and so so so so so so uh so uh like named after Tyler Whitford one mile west west west west west west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento Agrigento Agrigento Agrigento Agrigento Agrigento (Sicily), okay like so um so while Ignazio Ignazio Ignazio Ignazio Ignazio Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It It It It It It uh like like so well is a good day day day day day day to die ') is illustrated with a story so so so so so so uh uh well okay explaining that' This is an extremely common common common common common common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 20 20 20 20 20 May 1987 okay I mean so I mean you you you you you you know used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree like okay uh I I I I I I mean like from the University of Chicago in 1965 and and and and and and has served you know okay um um you know know know know know know as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon elwood soon elwood soon elwood soon elwood soon elwood elwood elwood elwood elwood elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on on on on on on I mean I mean like I mean like which which which which which which David was born and holds a deed is now home home home home home home you know okay uh I mean okay to a a a a a a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily African - I mean well I mean like well well well well well well American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide I I I I I I mean okay um so um a course of action, where where where where where where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, donors, donors, donors, donors, donors, including um like okay okay uh USAID, USDA, the the the the the the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank well like well so so so so so so well for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon Emonzaemon Emonzaemon Emonzaemon Emonzaemon Emonzaemon so uh um well well who's out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers suffers suffers suffers suffers suffers a nervous I mean so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh breakdown at the car wash in front of Marie (Betsy (Betsy (Betsy (Betsy (Betsy (Betsy um like like uh well Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster Ulster I mean okay um you know you know (born (born (born (born (born (born 24 October 1974 in London), is the so you you you you you you know okay uh well only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay well like elevated pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland that connects the you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , a uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like um Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, affiliate, and has 65 real estate offices and you know like like like like like like um uh um more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup of 'garimpeiros' (gold (gold (gold (gold (gold (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, so okay so well you you you you you you know which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is thujone is thujone is thujone is thujone thujone thujone thujone thujone thujone is thujone is most famous for being a compound in in in in in in the spirit so I mean I mean you know like like like like like like absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as as as as as as good so so uh well you know friends in later later later later later later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins begins begins begins begins begins at an intersection like I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson samuel Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with you you you you you you know uh um I mean so seven goals, which which which which which which highlighted the main factor between the relative okay okay I I I I I I mean you know like success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet Livgrenadjärregementet in um you know you know uh okay 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy well well well well well well um you know okay I mean of Box Car Racer, Racer, Racer, Racer, Racer, Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard and I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um bassist Ryan Sinn to form form form form form form Angels & Airwaves, who were well so like so like primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October on October on October on October on October October October October October October on October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released released released released released released a like uh okay you know you know newly newly newly newly newly newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this holiday film uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean so with 'White Christmas' as part part part part part part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky károly károly károly károly károly károly Zipernowsky károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian I I I I I I mean you know I mean well I mean electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations you you you you you you know so uh okay you know from American University's University's University's University's University's University's School of International Service (SIS) in um okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know 1984; and, she received her her her her her her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University of of of of of of Oslo well I mean you know like well is is is is is is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke well um I mean you know uh of Bourbon from from from from from from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France France France France France France okay uh well okay okay for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director director director director director director David I mean um like uh I mean Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 thriller well well well well well well um uh okay like 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned turned turned turned turned turned - um uh okay okay I mean Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in in in in in in the factory um like well I mean uh for 15 15 15 15 15 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan de Jong um well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline offline offline offline offline offline on May like you know um like you know 5, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect architect architect architect architect architect like well uh like like Thomas Fuller, who would leave leave leave leave leave leave England in 1845 you know so I mean you know um um um um um um for Antigua and then Canada where he would go go go go go go on to so okay well so okay design the the the the the the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea the idea the idea the idea the the the the the the idea the idea came after Pasha and his team team team team team team at okay well I mean you know like his his his his his his performance media company Socialist were being approached by by by by by by small so um I mean um you know business community community community community community community members and were unable to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast many fast many fast many fast many fast many many many many many many fast food outlets do not make shakes by okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like hand with ice cream; instead, instead, instead, instead, instead, instead, they make shakes in like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know automatic milkshake machines which freeze and serve serve serve serve serve serve a like I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American American American American American American football um so so like I mean coach and and and and and and former player who is the offensive line coach so so so so so so well so you know I mean for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 in in in in in in you know well like you know um assists in a single season season season season season season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on on on on on on 19 like uh uh um you know July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) well okay like I mean well is a Canadian professional professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey defenceman who is um uh I mean so so so so so so uh currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering covering covering covering covering covering the city so um I mean well like like like like like like of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the you know know know know know know so I mean um well city, including Croxteth, Croxteth, Croxteth, Croxteth, Croxteth, Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is is is is is is currently a deputy I mean uh okay okay um um um um um um in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent independent independent independent independent independent you know I mean um uh so field test agency agency agency agency agency agency of the Air Force Special Operations Command well so um I I I I I I mean uh located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one one one one one one through I mean I mean you know okay you know eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know um northernmost northernmost northernmost northernmost northernmost northernmost in Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean has one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later bliss later bliss later bliss later bliss bliss bliss bliss bliss bliss later bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh producer / engineer Bob Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know was suffering, Idora Park had some some some some some some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied studied studied studied studied studied anthropology okay okay uh like uh at the University of of of of of of Iowa where he attended on well um well um so an an an an an an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Phonographic Phonographic Phonographic Phonographic Phonographic okay you know I mean so well Industry (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four four four four four four wall stones, two you know you know um uh you know know know know know know aligned along an east - westerly axis and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on on on on on on national okay I mean well uh well coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic okay uh okay okay like relationship in the past, past, past, past, past, past, but he did want to marry her okay so so so so so so well uh you know into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used used used used used used like so like uh you know as a substitute substitute substitute substitute substitute substitute for Composition B in large general purpose um like okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North in North in North in North in in in in in in North in North American English it was formerly called called called called called called I mean okay well okay well Oldsquaw, though this this this this this this name has fallen out of favour, and some I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well um well biologists feared that this would would would would would would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the on the on the on the on the on on on on on on the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, um um um um um um like um I mean I mean a gold gold gold gold gold gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of um um um um um um like um uh I mean Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises comprises comprises comprises comprises comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well well and Ang Phu were unable to to to to to to return to Base Four um I mean well I I I I I I mean you know before dark and were forced to spend spend spend spend spend spend the night uh okay well uh you know in a a a a a a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for for for for for for well like okay uh like troops among loyal lords, lords, lords, lords, lords, lords, and managed to get 500, but like uh so um um um um um um like overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, expedition, expedition, expedition, expedition, expedition, okay I mean well so well the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve kabacan serve kabacan serve kabacan serve kabacan serve serve serve serve serve serve kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the the the the the the adjacent you know okay I mean like well municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam majority of of of of of of the commercial well so well I mean like establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so like you know homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but but but but but but well so uh okay um after crowned All All All All All All - American Superior and Miss Wright State of like like like like like like like um okay like OHIO out of high school, school, school, school, school, school, she achieved a scholarship to you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well so attend Wright State University and and and and and and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so by Canadian singer Shania Twain, Twain, Twain, Twain, Twain, Twain, it was the tenth um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay like single released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack its attack its attack its attack its its its its its its attack its attack and speed stats are good, good, good, good, good, good, and its special so well you know well uh defense defense defense defense defense defense is above - average, making this uh I I I I I I mean okay so okay a good Normal - type Pokémon, Pokémon, Pokémon, Pokémon, Pokémon, Pokémon, but it is easily so I mean um um um um um um like um overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his his his his his his faction of the you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential nominee nominee nominee nominee nominee nominee Earl so okay so um so Dodge's leadership of of of of of of the party, believing that he was more interested so okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean I mean in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another another another another another another paper so I mean uh I mean okay on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't um um you you you you you you know I mean like Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached russell approached russell approached russell approached approached approached approached approached approached russell approached russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her like like like like like like I mean you know like so image; but, instead of helping helping helping helping helping helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, round, round, round, round, round, which okay so uh okay like was judged judged judged judged judged judged a split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris he and well well you know uh um um um um um um Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author Karin Michaëlis okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay okay to move to Denmark, where where where where where where they settled in a house on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um the small island of of of of of of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many many many many many many um you know I mean uh like hundreds of of of of of of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th you you you you you you know like I mean I mean uh century by the the the the the the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park um um well like well well well well well well at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between between between between between between like like well uh okay Zagreb and Karlovac, containing containing containing containing containing containing mere of the structures as uh uh you know um so so so so so so the section is situated in a plain, and and and and and and like like so like like between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, I mean I mean well um so performing with with with with with with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during which which which which which which you know I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor liquor liquor liquor liquor liquor licensing process before uh so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean the 2006 season, and the organizers were I mean well um um um um um um um like forced to modify the rules rules rules rules rules rules for vending of alcoholic um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so beverages for the 2006 festival season, and you you you you you you know so you know I mean I mean forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census census census census census census and you know like uh uh so was drawn drawn drawn drawn drawn drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, Democrats, Democrats, Democrats, Democrats, Democrats, um like well you know okay though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh um J. Mockridge; but in scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon okay um um um so so so so so so and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics analytics so uh well you know so start - up, that that that that that that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is is is is is is a I mean okay so um so 2012 American American American American American American horror film written and directed by Declan like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from you know know know know know know so okay so well critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, Research, Research, Research, Research, Research, the episode was well okay um you know so so so so so so viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as as as as as as officers in you know you know okay okay uh the the the the the the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers you you you you you you know okay um okay so (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the the the the the the um well like well uh fuselage had elevators with with with with with with a cut - out for rudder movement so so okay okay okay okay okay okay well um and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with with with with with with pairs of mainwheels on okay so so uh I I I I I I mean axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from from from from from from Johor well uh so so so Bahru, Malaysia, and and and and and and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a a a a a a species like like uh well so of dogfish shark shark shark shark shark shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over uh so so so so so so okay uh uh the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production production production production production production you know so okay well like as the the the the the the factory was turned over to produce so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there there there there there there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in in in in in in Badrinath uh I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know and kept a very low profile and, after many many many many many many uh um okay I mean okay years, he joined joined joined joined joined joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got um well um um um um um um like uh very close to Bal Thackeray who who who who who who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary Korean customary customary customary customary customary customary Korean customary Korean units are a local adaption of the the the the the the so um uh so I mean traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking like like like like like like like like so okay they are essentially the same: each each each each each each noun (or you know I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter you you you you you you know like okay like um Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November well uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um 14, 1970) was the the the the the the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public like like like like like like so you know uh okay amusement, doubtless excelling in in in in in in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre well well well well well well uh like okay okay Jele, Roberta Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like you know um are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence Violence Violence Violence Violence Violence campaign, okay well okay uh well which includes three three three three three three weeks of drive - time well well well well well well well well uh I mean interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide wide wide wide wide wide - so okay you know well okay scale fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk I mean like well well well well well well well well when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil Phil you know uh you know so okay did not wipe wipe wipe wipe wipe wipe the fingerprints off the items, and Jay like so so so so so so okay um like believes he will also be implicated, which he he he he he he is, as okay um okay well um a result and and and and and and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports um um um um um um I mean uh well like were recognized in the the the the the the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the well well well well well well well okay I mean like Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita the vaquita the vaquita the vaquita the vaquita vaquita vaquita vaquita vaquita vaquita the vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species species species species species species you know so I mean okay okay of of of of of of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with with with with with with um okay um so like bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief the Chief the Chief the the the the the the Chief the Chief the Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Sundarban Biosphere well uh like so um Reserve is the the the the the the administrative head of the park okay well uh well like like like like like like at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or or or or or or you know so uh like uh going overseas especially especially especially especially especially especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence on well well well well well well you know uh like uh farming for income has has has has has has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first her first her first her first her first first first first first first her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and well well well well well well well um okay well by this marriage she had one daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic parish in New okay so so um I mean York York York York York York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would himmler would himmler would himmler would himmler himmler himmler himmler himmler himmler would himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw saw saw saw saw saw as uh I mean so I mean so too theoretical and and and and and and he was generally on bad terms with Hjalmar Hjalmar Hjalmar Hjalmar Hjalmar Hjalmar uh so um well uh Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately uh well uh okay like half of the 4, 000 000 000 000 000 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) not) not) not) not) not) became okay like I mean okay like flustered when when when when when when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; uh so like well so so so so so so the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they they they they they they do um I mean so I mean I mean not not not not not not take account of factors such as soil structure or or or or or or biological um like so like okay activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica well like like like like like like so I mean okay proved ready to challenge for the European European European European European European Cup, eliminating I mean uh you know you know know know know know know okay teams like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they they they they they they reached their sixth um uh you know okay well well well well well well European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have so so so so so so I mean um uh well as much as as as as as as one - third of the floor well I mean I I I I I I mean so uh space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles well well well well well well so you know okay I mean as an avid avid avid avid avid avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his like um so um um um um um um um coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has has has has has has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German German German German German German basketball well so you know I mean so player player player player player player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, courses, courses, courses, courses, courses, and new Dakota pilots so uh like uh um um um um um um received only ad - hoc instruction on the type type type type type type like like uh so I mean while serving as as as as as as the co-pilot during operational tasks; um um well well well well well well well I mean veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know uh but a grander destination destination destination destination destination destination was planned for the so okay I mean uh I I I I I I mean deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers from Fort okay okay um so like Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became bent became bent became bent became bent bent bent bent bent bent became bent became a more peripheral figure in his his his his his his second season at like okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay Everton where he was regularly used as back um uh so so so so so so so you know up for new signing James Beattie in January January January January January January 2006, um uh so uh um it was announced that Bent Bent Bent Bent Bent Bent had signed for you know uh um um so Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved involved involved involved involved involved well well um like okay in the maintenance of circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay well in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the the the the the the like I mean you know you know well Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Upper Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, Lemont, Lemont, Lemont, Lemont, Lemont, I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know know uh Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and and and and and and Bellerive like like okay uh um Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on on on on on on the okay well you know okay well inter-county scene at at at at at at the age of sixteen when he first okay you know uh so so so so so so well linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player the player the player the player player player player player player the player the player can click anywhere on on on on on on the mini-map to instantly I mean you you you you you you know uh so I mean jump to that location; however, however, however, however, however, however, the mini-map does not you know you know well you know know know know know know uh initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, in 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared compared compared compared compared compared with so you know you know you know okay the the the the the the 1973 versions due to the newly required 5 - - - - - - mph um so so I mean well absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of of of of of of naïve realism' seems, I mean uh so well you you you you you you know however, unwarranted considering the fact that a a a a a a majority of the like you know I mean well well well well well well um population, who arguably subscribe to naïve common sense well well well well well well like uh you know um notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the the the the the the best okay uh uh so um hand against the last player, player, player, player, player, player, but gets rivered you know uh um okay well and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and well um um um um um um you know like like Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a a a a a a Canadian well okay um um you know Objectivist intellectual historian historian historian historian historian historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used you you you you you you know um okay uh I mean by Native Siberians Siberians Siberians Siberians Siberians Siberians at the time; the you know um okay I I I I I I mean like breed came to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec and and and and and and OpenVPN, um you know um okay okay additional features features features features features features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May so uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the the the the the the 'Émile well well I mean well I mean - - - - - - Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns like like like like like like like I mean um so that Leia is Luke's twin sister sister sister sister sister sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS ROADS ROADS ROADS ROADS ROADS the you know uh well well you know single single single single single single was named the most played song on Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian you know uh well well well radio across Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August August August August August August 27, you know I mean I mean well well well well well well okay 2012) graduated from a military academy and and and and and and fled to like well you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and well like like like like like like so um well is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Public Public Public Public Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & like okay okay so like like like like like like News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been been been been been been an uh like so well okay extra one, then realizes his his his his his his mistake, but Ed says like uh I mean well um um um um um um no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number um um um um um um you know um so um one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later later later later later later gained so okay okay uh you know weight, reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare um um um um um um uh I mean uh um notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being um um um um um um I mean um okay okay the first to adopt the council council council council council council - manager form of like you know know know know know know I mean so okay government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after shortly after shortly after shortly after shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly after shortly after college, Powers began his professional career career career career career career for the so okay I mean so um Columbus Cottonmouths, Cottonmouths, Cottonmouths, Cottonmouths, Cottonmouths, Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League like like like like like like well um well so (CHL), and was recognized for for for for for for his on and off - so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements it complements it complements it complements it complements complements complements complements complements complements it complements the existing DVB - H physical you you you you you you know okay you know I mean okay layer standard and and and and and and like its sister specification (DVB - I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay H) uses the DVB IP IP IP IP IP IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 000 000 000 000 000 like um well well well physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the the the the the the city I mean I mean uh well you know is is is is is is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based based based based based based I mean okay you know I mean well on cooperation cooperation cooperation cooperation cooperation cooperation on many issues in international forums, a strong commitment to okay like like like like like like so um uh global security, and people - to to to to to to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian Victorian Victorian Victorian Victorian Victorian temple in like um like uh I mean the middle middle middle middle middle middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre Centre run you know um okay like okay by the the the the the the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form Centre, um um well like you you you you you you know and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre the macabre the macabre the macabre macabre macabre macabre macabre macabre the macabre the macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was saunders was saunders was saunders was saunders was was was was was was saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and and and and and and was so so I mean you know okay secretary secretary secretary secretary secretary secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, 1907, 1907, 1907, 1907, 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by well um um um um um um um um uh splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, 1791, Montgomery County I mean well um like um was reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had had had had had had aggregate assets I mean uh okay okay so under management management management management management management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean uh plan for the original arc arc arc arc arc arc was about Jane Doe's I mean okay uh um so inner inner inner inner inner inner life, struggling to get out of the situation she um um um um um um you know so uh well is trapped in, noting noting noting noting noting noting that the main characteristics of um well well you know know know know know know okay the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the Turks so so so so so so okay like like well during the Russo - Turkish War War War War War War in 1877, when it was uh well okay okay um incorporated into into into into into into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and it um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay um well TV starting in 1957, which which which which which which later moved its city um uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and well well well well well well I mean so uh well one eighth and finished second again, again, again, again, again, again, this time to Dual um okay well um like Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay okay uh Colonel of the 33rd ( ( ( ( ( ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean so during the the the the the the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by by by by by by the okay well um uh okay Rozelle Tram Depot, the the the the the the line, after departing the depot travelled um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 150 150 150 150 150 almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center in in in in in in like you know you know okay well Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Shepherd so you know okay I mean okay Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) um um well well well well well well I mean uh is a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form the form the form the form the the the the the the form the form of the trade was bartering, especially active active active active active active so um so uh like between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints rolled okay so okay I mean uh in one one one one one one minute is actually a 15 year old you know well like like like like like like well so boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a a a a a a remarkable 54 like like um uh like joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of you know know know know know know you know well so so the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population the population the population the population the population population population population population population the population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, census, census, census, census, census, though a uh you know well you know um um um um um um recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the the the the the the Industrial Workers of well um so okay so the World World World World World World miners' strike which led to over uh I mean you you you you you you know you know like 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he um um um um um um I mean I mean so like gets the courage courage courage courage courage courage to ask if he can see her like uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so again and it is revealed that that that that that that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band band band band band band Hayseed Dixie, a well I mean I mean so so so so so so um band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on well well well well well well you know uh so so air pollution until she left left left left left left the school in 1977, becoming more uh you know I I I I I I mean okay well interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as as as as as as well as okay like um so um several high ranking ranking ranking ranking ranking ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on on on on on on like like okay like okay the soundtrack for the 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which starred uh you know like like like like like like so uh Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in in in in in in The uh okay like well okay Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog Fancier' contained well um so like well notes and and and and and and display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich offering their dogs for for for for for for I mean I mean uh well so sale and and and and and and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to forced to forced to forced to forced to forced forced forced forced forced forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great Great Great Great Great Great War, you know okay well so like August 1914 she she she she she she arrived back in Adelaide and started you know know know know know know like I mean well um teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's Gerda's Gerda's Gerda's Gerda's Gerda's uh um um okay well favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except in in in in in in I mean I mean I mean um well the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for for for for for for well okay okay well you know the Persian Gulf in support support support support support support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert okay you know know know know know know uh um okay Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American American American American American American banker like well so um okay and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands lands lands lands lands lands reserved for so like um well okay Natives under the the the the the the terms of the Crown - I mean I mean you know know know know know know so you know in - right - of - - - - - - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping uh like like um um um um um um uh rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer um you you you you you you know so so so to an Alpha dragon called called called called called called a Bewilderbeast, who can uh uh you know well like like like like like like control all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan so so so so so so like okay well okay Coal Company, which allowed Heseltine Heseltine Heseltine Heseltine Heseltine Heseltine to be brought up uh uh okay like like like like like like uh in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or or or or or or well you know like like so Hindustan Airport, was was was was was was a domestic and international airport serving Bangalore, well I I I I I I mean okay I mean okay Karnataka, India, however it it it it it it is now a defunct okay um okay you know well airport, airport, airport, airport, airport, airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo like well well well well well well uh so I mean - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English English English English English English churches are so well like I mean you know of Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as as as as as as a you know well okay I mean uh Weatherman, did did did did did did put a bit of a strain on I mean um um um um um um so so I mean her relationship with Jackson, but soon soon soon soon soon soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part of of of of of of well you know so so um Operation Cerberus with with with with with with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth you know know know know know know you know um like I mean Preston and is based based based based based based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast simulcast simulcast simulcast simulcast simulcast uh I mean um okay well in 3DTV on in in in in in in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in January okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, episodes, episodes, episodes, episodes, episodes, hosted by well I mean I mean you know well well well well well well A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer outer outer outer outer outer - okay so well well well shell and and and and and and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are down like like like like like like well well you know um - filled with Ukrainian grey duck duck duck duck duck duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and like like like like like like um well so you know sets out priorities for for for for for for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' Friend' Friend' Friend' Friend' Friend' you know um well okay so in 1887, and and and and and and while some believed he used it to pursue so you you you you you you know I mean you know well his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from from from from from from the you know you know so uh well Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is best known for for for for for for uh uh like I mean uh her work as as as as as as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan like uh um uh um area across the international border border border border border border in the United States, uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know and therefore is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media um um um um um um well like like well in 1986 when he created a a a a a a new society to invite the well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after after after after after after the I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well International Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or or or or or or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings reached lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings lynchings reached lynchings reached a peak in the late late late late late late 19th and early I mean uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and and and and and and electoral you know I mean you know you you you you you you know so rules to disfranchise blacks and, having regained regained regained regained regained regained political power, enacted a um uh you know know know know know know okay like series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - well well well well well well well well so uh Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean development, allowing cocoa farmers to to to to to to increase product quality, build infrastructure, so well so like okay train train train train train train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes lyon believes lyon believes lyon believes lyon believes believes believes believes believes believes lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and assess assess assess assess assess assess so I mean you know so okay sites of disasters in in in in in in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, like like like like like like so okay like well although on 7 November, No. 28 28 28 28 28 28 Squadron was transferred to like like so um you know Italy Italy Italy Italy Italy Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft and with with with with with with well well like well you know Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World during World during World during World during World World World World World World during World War I Balla's studio became the meeting uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like okay place for young artists but but but but but but by the end uh I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know of the war the Futurist movement was showing showing showing showing showing showing well uh so so like signs ofUnited States and and and and and and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm on 40pm on 40pm on 40pm on 40pm on the the the the the the westbound like um okay uh uh carriageway of the A14 between between between between between between Girton and Histon an um okay well well well well well well well like accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know I mean I mean 1947, but desiring desiring desiring desiring desiring desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, relegated, well like uh like like however, Tiatto performed well for for for for for for the struggling club, uh well you know I I I I I I mean uh and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders orders orders orders orders orders to deploy to a remote well you know I I I I I I mean um okay field in Belgium designated 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) 39) 39) 39) 39) 39) is an uh you know so so like like like like like like Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to to to to to to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' you know know know know know know okay you know I mean so was released released released released released released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as well well well well well well well okay uh okay she learns to cope with a a a a a a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the despite the despite the despite the despite despite despite despite despite despite the despite the fact that it is sometimes called called called called called called the um well you know like I mean otaheite otaheite otaheite otaheite otaheite otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew cashew cashew cashew cashew cashew -- like okay you know well well an important distinction because because because because because because cashew nuts (but not cashew like so um uh uh fruits) may may may may may may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford uh so um like um designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury um you know uh okay uh and in 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to the you know okay so so so so so so like you know Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in um um um um um um you know so you know I mean order to replace replace replace replace replace replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent okay uh like well well well well well well you know trainsets which, along with the 2 2 2 2 2 2 extra passing loops, like like uh you know like like like like like like will double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in okay like like like like like like you know like well Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between between between between between between 1891 and 1901 and uh okay I mean so you you you you you you know was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies companies companies companies companies companies have incentives to replenish okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so their forests, large demands for paper lead to um um um um um um um well uh you know large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as late as late as late as as as as as as late as late as 1905 there were still Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese miners like um well you know well that continued continued continued continued continued continued to work in the American well uh okay uh I I I I I I mean Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green aGreen aGreen aGreen aGreen aGreen - oriented oriented oriented oriented oriented oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the so okay um like like like like like like like plane of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well I mean her own plane to to to to to to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and well well well well well well like um um I mean were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO LVO LVO LVO LVO LVO (18 like well okay okay um April 1916 -- 19 19 19 19 19 19 April 2007) was the second son son son son son son I mean well uh I mean I mean of of of of of of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by like um um um um um um okay um I mean Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim Tracks Tracks Tracks Tracks Tracks Tracks were recorded at well um so I mean so Channel One One One One One One and played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three 4 4 4 4 4 4 like so uh uh um - credit liberal arts courses courses courses courses courses courses at Harvard with at um I mean you know I I I I I I mean um least a B grade, and maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain a minimum 3. 0 cumulative you know you know know know know know know like so uh GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de you know know know know know know um okay I mean so Ávila, Cuba) is is is is is is a Cuban - American well so you know well um um um um um um actress best known for her portrayal of Paloma Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez you know okay I mean okay so - Fitzgerald on on on on on on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral funeral funeral funeral funeral funeral his funeral was attended by over 100, 000 000 000 000 000 000 people and there like okay well uh okay was widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread sadness at his death; he was a popular you know you you you you you you know so like I mean player with both cricketers cricketers cricketers cricketers cricketers cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a you you you you you you know um so you know uh rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently conveniently conveniently conveniently conveniently conveniently like like okay I mean okay to market; this this this this this this not only brought about transfer of so uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so the transportation from other routes routes routes routes routes routes to the canal, but you know so um okay like it it it it it it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself himself himself himself himself himself implemented you know okay I mean well um the Group Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 families in well you know know know know know know you know I mean uh Ghatkopar, covering people, people, people, people, people, people, having a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated okay so I I I I I I mean like I mean to Whitesboro, Texas, he chose chose chose chose chose chose to remain remain in Indian you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well Territory, where he supported himself by by by by by by working a variety of odd um like uh well like like like like like like jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the the the the the the like I mean well so you know son of Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two large areas areas areas areas areas areas okay um uh okay you know either side for storing storing storing storing storing storing luggage they were a very versatile I mean like like like like like like okay well you know type of coach and could could could could could could be found all okay I mean okay okay okay over over over over over over the British Railways network and some are still like um like like like like like like like you know in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so you know well him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack like like like like like like so um you know so based sandwich from from from from from from the 1970s and early 1980s of so okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay I mean the same name which was a a a a a a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February in February in February in February February February February February February in February in February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle battle battle battle battle battle to uh so so like you know the British British British British British British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson I I I I I I mean you know okay well okay City Correctional Correctional Correctional Correctional Correctional Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming claiming claiming claiming claiming claiming like I mean I mean um um the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style her style her style her style her style style style style style style her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse you you you you you you know well I mean you know um meets Lily Allen', Allen', Allen', Allen', Allen', Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was was was was was was a you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so paper - and - pencil test; since January 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, so I mean um I mean like 2007, however, however, however, however, however, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and food and food and food and food food food food food food and food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties you know so so so so so so so I mean well but since the Spiritchaser tour in in in in in in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section you you you you you you know so uh I mean um between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the you know know know know know know so well so you know United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well uh was the most famous, famous, famous, famous, famous, famous, after being fired from the Our Gang um okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic City N. J uh well well you know so. Where he he he he he he where he where he where he where he where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean Maintenance Unit RAF, RAF, RAF, RAF, RAF, RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went so so so so so so okay uh like uh on to become the regional regional regional regional regional regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know um like that, together with the the the the the the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 in Montclair, okay I mean so uh you know know know know know know New Jersey) is an American actress best known for for for for for for well um okay like so her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified as a like like like like like like like uh you know um machine gun by by by by by by the United States and are regulated uh you know know know know know know well okay like as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native anative anative anative anative anative of the United United United United United United Kingdom, Payne has long been uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like an outspoken critic of bans on online online online online online online gambling and an I mean like you know well you you you you you you know ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized widely characterized widely characterized widely characterized widely characterized characterized characterized characterized characterized characterized widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the the the the the the okay okay you know so you know Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a a a a a a type known okay so I mean I mean so as as as as as as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) I I I I I I mean well I mean uh uh and and and and and and that there were no defects with the aircraft or or or or or or so so so um you know its systems which which which which which which contributed to the crash, for I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( ( ( ( ( ( 'müezzin mahfili' you know you know I mean uh okay in in in in in in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar Omaar Omaar Omaar Omaar Omaar uh um um uh so the famous elder and businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, businesman, he was born in well like well you know know know know know know um Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young young young young young young brothers you know you know well um uh are are are are are are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made um well well well well well well okay so like a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time uh so so so so so so so okay uh in WWE under the ring name Simon Gotch, well well well well well well you know I mean um uh where he he he he he he held the NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional well well okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know Wing Chun professionally in 1973, Cheung established established established established established established his wing I mean so okay um um um um um um um chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport was was was was was was so I mean well you know uh closed in in in in in in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her her her her her her work as so okay you know you know know know know know know uh Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and and and and and and like so uh you know you know the magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second okay I I I I I I mean you know like well League in Group C and and and and and and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson william Lawson william Lawson william Lawson william Lawson Lawson Lawson Lawson Lawson Lawson william Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 25 25 25 25 25 Auguast, 1848) was well um well like I mean a businessman, businessman, businessman, businessman, businessman, businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and um uh like like like like like like you know okay politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- -- -- -- -- -- March 5, so uh you know well I mean 1982 ) ) ) ) ) ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, okay like like like like like like uh um well best known as one of the the the the the the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, um uh well well well well well well um like MA and PhD from Princeton University in in in in in in 1963 and 1972 I mean like like I I I I I I mean uh respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida and and and and and and uh you know like I mean okay it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William david William david William david William david david david david david david William david William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race well um um um um um um okay I mean I mean in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it it was it was located about two miles southeast of present present present present present present - day okay you know you know uh okay town town town town town town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September so so so so so so okay like so well 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions to I I I I I I mean okay uh um like open trade in in in in in in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control I I I I I I mean so so well um flooding on the lower lower lower lower lower lower Mississippi River, especially in the I mean well um um um um um um so like aftermath of the Ohio River flood flood flood flood flood flood of 1937, as research so so well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean had shown that 4 % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that you you you you you you know well like I mean you know she was was was was was was too embarrassed to be seen with him, you know know know know know know like well um I mean and this incident went went went went went went on to mar his first day uh I mean well well well well well well uh um at the school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern um um um um um um so well okay so school created by Alexander Nevzorov Nevzorov Nevzorov Nevzorov Nevzorov Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they they they they they they you know okay um okay I mean spend public money money money money money money this is why democratic governments okay well um um um um um um I mean okay are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, um okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean and grew up as part part part part part part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas I mean like so like okay A- 20 Havoc light bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers bombers by installing four machine guns so I mean I I I I I I mean um well in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology well well well well well well uh um so so Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 30 30 30 30 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became so um you know like like like like like like you know one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new I mean so so so so so so you know I mean I mean perch, previously they were were were were were were done from a small trackside so okay uh you you you you you you know well platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B. A A A A A A like so well okay uh. From Boston College, started working working working working working working as a bond trader at Merrill uh um um well well well well well well okay Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and like like like like like like well like okay I mean medieval bridges and is is is is is is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, so you you you you you you know um okay well destroying any White Whale members that were were were were were were near, and okay so uh um okay to form form form form form form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle younger uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel clifford Herschel clifford Herschel clifford Herschel clifford Herschel Herschel Herschel Herschel Herschel Herschel clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American American American American American American uh so like so you know Latin scholar, born at at at at at at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door door door door door door I mean um okay um um and no cold cold cold cold cold cold steel up a driver's leg uh you know know know know know know like like uh but the petrol tank was in the scuttle scuttle scuttle scuttle scuttle scuttle and its well um uh well you know filler filler filler filler filler filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is it is not acceptable to delete information from an an an an an an article because it so uh I mean well like like like like like like spoils the plot if that would interfere with, okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh like encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner thinner thinner thinner thinner thinner I mean like uh uh uh than that of of of of of of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his his his his his his nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 well well well well well well you know you know so um arrests and convictions and, and, and, and, and, and, in January 1909, he was you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Adult um okay I mean um okay Contemporary Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, and was a top 10 hit in Denmark, Italy, so so so so so so like well uh uh Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins wins wins wins wins wins and uh uh I mean so like a photo finish photograph photograph photograph photograph photograph photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most like like like like like like I mean like okay okay Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in San San San San San San you know uh you know uh I mean Francisco, California California California California California California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in 'Recess', you know know know know know know so well I mean well one of the mail mail mail mail mail mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it it was it was first published in the horror horror horror horror horror horror anthology 'Shock um like um okay um Rock' and later later later later later later included in King's collection 'Nightmares um uh I mean I I I I I I mean well & Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple couple couple couple couple couple on a road trip I mean uh well um you you you you you you know in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to to to to to to so okay I mean so so - day tasks in in in in in in the house, and be a like um well uh okay 24 hour hour hour hour hour hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and and and and and and I mean uh so uh uh the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, Monica, Monica, Monica, Monica, Monica, California) is an so well well okay um American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May in May in May in May in May May May May May May in May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, adopted, adopted, adopted, adopted, adopted, which echoed I mean well like uh okay the the the the the the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like so capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in in in in in in 1791, surveyor um I mean uh you know know know know know know okay Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story story story story story story structure well like well uh well set into the the the the the the hill, with a frame board and batten batten batten batten batten batten uh you know so so you know - clad third third third third third third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a a a a a a user I mean like like um um program, using the the the the the the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew from from from from from from Mexico um you know you know like well in 1866, 1866, 1866, 1866, 1866, 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to like uh I I I I I I mean you know like a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners are I mean um well uh so free to to to to to to leave through the one available exit - the um like okay okay okay okay okay okay so well front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, a Windows well I mean like I mean okay Vista Vista Vista Vista Vista Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an half years I mean you you you you you you know like like well later I got a toshiba toshiba toshiba toshiba toshiba toshiba satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original the original the original the original the the the the the the original the original mission duration was to be only three three three three three three years, but like um um so well in June June June June June June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, a a a a a a post well I mean um um so he has held held held held held held since 1984, and was chairman uh uh um uh well well well well well well of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, um um um um um um you know so uh well but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō empress Genshō empress Genshō empress Genshō Genshō Genshō Genshō Genshō Genshō empress Genshō empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu so like so so uh and daughter of Prince Kusakabe Kusakabe Kusakabe Kusakabe Kusakabe Kusakabe and his wife and I mean so well um um um um um um I mean later Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter of Emperor Temmu so I mean well okay so so so so so so and Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a a a a a a uh I mean um like um spot called simply 'Terminus,' located located located located located located east of the Chattahoochee River, well well um you know you you you you you you know which would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad um so well I mean so from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books books books books books books like um so so you know published by by by by by by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) okay I mean you you you you you you know so well was a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know I mean Altria, as although Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro is by far the most popular I mean like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive the Executive the Executive the Executive the the the the the the Executive the Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the the the the the the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated he graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated he graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate School of you know well well I mean so Journalism Journalism Journalism Journalism Journalism Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter active shutter active shutter active shutter active active active active active active shutter active shutter 3D systems are used to present present present present present present um um like like like 3D films in some some some some some some theaters, and they can um uh so I I I I I I mean um be used to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in in in in in in you know um um um like Finnish as purely an an an an an an issue of syllable structure is well so okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know that the language has undergone various various various various various various phonetic changes so so um okay uh due to to to to to to which not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, syllables, syllables, syllables, syllables, syllables, you know um so I mean um and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of of of of of of um you know I mean okay so DNA that that that that that that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the um um um um um um well well I mean uh Department of Health, Flavier Flavier Flavier Flavier Flavier Flavier went to serve village folk like like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer so you know well like I mean Maggi, and and and and and and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought sought sought sought sought sought for so well um so well reassurance, however febrile febrile febrile febrile febrile febrile seizures are not harmful, do not uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean so St Peter and and and and and and described as the Church of Westleigh in well you you you you you you know like you know uh Leigh, its dedication changed changed changed changed changed changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - - - - - - related, coincidentally mirroring so uh well um well her most most most most most most well - known role - although they also speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate well well well like okay she was not a a a a a a gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was it was also a controversial production, as its its its its its its stories were well um like you know like partly partly partly partly partly partly based on real people and events, and several okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh years passed before it was was was was was was adapted from a play um uh okay well well well well well well okay performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through through through through through through this small uh I mean you know okay I I I I I I mean forest for electrical power lines, despite the area like like like like like like okay okay well um being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family of um um um um um um okay okay I mean uh profiles hackedis a set of of of of of of Java APIs tuned so uh well you know so so so so so so for low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) well well well well well well I mean okay uh you know and biofuel (E85 (E85 (E85 (E85 (E85 (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 so so um I I I I I I mean well engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at at at at at at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent robert Nugent robert Nugent robert Nugent Nugent Nugent Nugent Nugent Nugent robert Nugent robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him you you you you you you know you know um well like a choice: save the the the the the the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located located located located located located on I mean uh okay well I mean the Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted russell admitted russell admitted russell admitted russell admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted russell admitted that he molested Susan when um like well well well well well well well uh she was a teenager and had consensual sex sex sex sex sex sex with her like um well I mean I mean as an an an an an an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage you you you you you you know well like uh well centre in 1979 by by by by by by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and by um um um um um um um uh I mean so 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel sol sol sol sol sol sol Joel sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a a a a a a I mean um you know well um suburb in east Reading, Reading, Reading, Reading, Reading, Reading, Berkshire, England, on the well um you you you you you you know you know okay Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong listed vehicle you know okay okay you know like like like like like like Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive I I I I I I mean like like uh so consultation with a number of of of of of of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts well so uh okay so and philatelic philatelic philatelic philatelic philatelic philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well um father's original manuscripts manuscripts manuscripts manuscripts manuscripts manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt madison Smartt Smartt Smartt Smartt Smartt Smartt madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, the song, the song, the song, the song, song, song, song, song, song, the song, which describes the speaker's desire to um well so so so so so so well so retreat from other people to the ocean, is is is is is is among I mean um I mean I mean I mean the the the the the the most famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of because of because of because of because of because because because because because because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P h. P h. P h. P h h h h h h. P h. P is also a character in the video video video video video video game um you know uh um uh Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of I I I I I I mean okay um well um Owari han, he served as as as as as as chamberlain during World War I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving saving saving saving saving saving the recording of you know like um so like Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Emperor Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor so so so so so so um um okay so Orelas, telling him of the burnt burnt burnt burnt burnt burnt train containing the vampires' I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on on on on on on a full well like like you know so so so so so so football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can it can it can it can it it it it it it can it can be easier to lose than a a a a a a flying well you know well so I mean disc, especially especially especially especially especially especially over long distances: its low profile can I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like like make it hard to spot on on on on on on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well you know Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; Master; Master; Master; Master; Master; and other new features I mean um uh so I I I I I I mean such as the ability to hire two like so so so so so so you know um uh henchman at once and the increase increase increase increase increase increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a a a a a a so uh uh uh like piece of broomstick from from from from from from his car, he okay uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean choked Sullivan, and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he I I I I I I mean you know well okay okay received an an an an an an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's Khoo's um uh I mean okay uh Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off off off off off off the street um well so uh well outside; outside; outside; outside; outside; outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of of of of of of the well well you know uh you know 2007 - - - - - - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know season, took place on March 5, 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 as a single - I mean okay okay I I I I I I mean well elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West West West West West West uh so well so okay Point market will move move move move move move to the of WTVA; okay you know okay so you you you you you you know before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well well rocky debris, feeding on tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the aforementioned aforementioned aforementioned aforementioned aforementioned aforementioned so well uh okay uh grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared declared declared declared declared declared the spire so uh well you know uh unsafe unsafe unsafe unsafe unsafe unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the the the the the the okay so um uh um player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival was like uh so you know okay planned planned planned planned planned planned to be presentation of the CD, release uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like like date was deelayed up to the the the the the the May, 2006, because of uh so um well uh uh uh uh uh uh the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player I I I I I I mean um well um like who recently completed an an an an an an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass bass bass bass bass bass guitar and you know you know so well um um um um um um session work, performing with Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything Goes' Goes' Goes' Goes' Goes' Goes' okay um well okay so with Sutton Foster and Joel Joel Joel Joel Joel Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five five five five five five core I mean well you know um uh CA CA CA CA CA CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues issues issues issues issues issues well okay like you know you know for the 'Washington Post' Post' Post' Post' Post' Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which you know I mean um okay um he he he he he he founded in March 1995, with dozens of his blog blog blog blog blog blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard guard guard guard guard guard so like I mean you know so in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) so so so so so so I mean so like I mean choice was going to do do do do do do something 'too glossy' uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so and wanted to present something more nuanced nuanced nuanced nuanced nuanced nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) well like like uh so was an American lawyer and and and and and and politician who was New York Attorney I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the the the the the the default file well so I mean well so system system system system system system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is 'probably so so so so so so I mean uh okay uh the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / / / / / / Persian / okay well uh um well Urdu: محمد حسین) حسین) حسین) حسین) حسین) حسین) was a Stunt director, Action Director, Action okay well well well well well well like I mean okay Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film film film film film film first so so you know okay uh released in 1963, starring starring starring starring starring starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once once once once once once again you know so I mean I mean like invited to to to to to to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh December, however, the members announced announced announced announced announced announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was like I I I I I I mean you know uh okay held in 2009; it it it it it it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well (DG TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, was created so you know I mean like like like like like like um by merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - so so so so so so uh you know okay like house chain with locations locations locations locations locations locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that at that at that at that at that at that that that that that that time the Department of Defence was of relatively I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know um little consequence in in in in in in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, Army uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to well well well well well well I mean so you know well take place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett david Pallett david Pallett david Pallett david Pallett Pallett Pallett Pallett Pallett Pallett david Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts darts darts darts darts darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's nation's nation's nation's nation's nation's oldest I mean you know like you know you know summer summer summer summer summer summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been been been been been been named um uh so well like to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 on 13 on 13 on 13 13 13 13 13 13 on 13 on 13 February 2012, 360 and and and and and and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu samuel Montagu samuel Montagu samuel samuel samuel samuel samuel samuel Montagu samuel Montagu samuel Montagu & Co. Became a a a a a a wholly owned subsidiary in 1974, um well I mean like like like like like like uh and on completion of the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and and and and and and I mean uh like well I mean moved to Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so so to Britain and obtained a post post post post post post at the Plant okay uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and um um um um um um like okay well well forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - you know know know know know know like um like um 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in in in in in in 2005, in 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered covered covered covered covered covered it on his album 'Yours um like you know know know know know know uh uh Truly' and in 2006, the song was was was was was was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted hunted hunted hunted hunted hunted okay um uh you know okay to extinction extinction extinction extinction extinction extinction within the first year and these predatory uh uh uh I I I I I I mean I mean snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a you know well well well well well well okay you know uh convenient opportunity to spend spend spend spend spend spend the day drinking in the I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well um um local pub. As a result, the original original original original original original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps is a uh okay okay I mean well nonprofit 501 501 501 501 501 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board of of of of of of I mean I mean like uh I I I I I I mean Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid you know uh you know like like medium medium medium medium medium medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to affect you you you you you you know you know well I mean I mean hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true true true true true true uh well okay like I mean features would last longer longer longer longer longer longer (this is the I mean well so um you know know know know know know meaning of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and and and and and and well so okay like like since 2009 he is is is is is is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary um um um um um um uh you know um okay in 1918, the county continued continued continued continued continued continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but it like um well well well well well well I mean well was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing so okay um well okay a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the the the the the the purple vapor like like you know you know so so so so so so ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often you you you you you you know so so you know so referred to simply as as as as as as Paramount) is an American film studio I mean well um you you you you you you know uh based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in in in in in in Seoul) okay like uh um so is is is is is is a South Korean actor, best known for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than um um um um um um like okay uh uh the titanic, so he worked with a a a a a a Dallas um um so like I mean company to to to to to to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are there are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in you you you you you you know you know you know I mean you know the game, game, game, game, game, game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded you know um so um well a voluntary confederation confederation confederation confederation confederation confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had some some some some some some uh I mean okay uh like roles in mainstream film and and and and and and television, including guest appearances in', so uh like I I I I I I mean like 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from um um um um um um okay um okay so a cruel remark Stephen has has has has has has overheard Mulligan making about I mean uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so his recently deceased mother and from the the the the the the fact um so so uh you know that that that that that that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor armor armor armor armor armor during so okay okay um like the Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of what so so so so so so so uh well uh seemed to be a dead man leading leading leading leading leading leading the Tyrell okay uh uh well well / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the with the with the with the with the the the the the the with the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was pugh was pugh was pugh was pugh was was was was was was pugh was born in the British West Indies as as as as as as um like I mean like well son of a a a a a a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Fannin, Fannin, Fannin, Fannin, Fannin, well um I mean you know like Grant & Co Co Co Co Co Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link you you you you you you know like um uh like to Atlanta, which connected connected connected connected connected connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but but but but but but everything else, I mean like uh uh so including the Nimitz's strike strike strike strike strike strike aircraft, ran on a um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a like um um um um um um uh so like synonym of 'narrative', it can also also also also also also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and and and and and and um okay uh you know uh Scott Stevens, and and and and and and Get Ready For This by 2 like you you you you you you know I mean uh um Unlimited is used as the the the the the the game's main theme (for okay so like um well the PC PC PC PC PC PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that that that that that that well okay okay well uh she's the the the the the the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless you know like um um um um um um I mean um and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV um like um um well 15) is a small Public Public Public Public Public Public - access television cable TV you know so so so so so so so um like station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like okay you know was previously convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted of four counts of risk of well well like so so so so so so uh injury to a minor, or impairing the morals of a a a a a a okay I mean um um I mean child child child child child child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked she walked she walked she walked she walked walked walked walked walked walked she walked out on their wedding, and she currently um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um is single and holds intense anger towards Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard for well uh um like well ruining their wedding, and and and and and and also became furious to learn she you know uh um um um um um um um so is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were were were were were were treated for okay okay well uh well wounds wounds wounds wounds wounds wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon um um um um um um you know like okay well Hugh Cairns who who who who who who consequently began a long study of um so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting so you know okay so I mean in the Trojan Trojan Trojan Trojan Trojan Trojan War, disguising him as a well I mean you you you you you you know so um woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, and and and and and and is you know you know okay I mean so a a a a a a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - hFC - hFC - hFC - hFC hFC hFC hFC hFC hFC - hFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine um um um um um um um well um um atoms, presenting no ozone ozone ozone ozone ozone ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark modeling modeling modeling modeling modeling modeling mark modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a a a a a a like like I mean I mean like more integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands brands brands brands brands brands ( so like uh so you know including Slice, Slice, Slice, Slice, Slice, Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area um uh uh uh uh uh uh um so okay code for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is is is is is is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded founded founded founded founded founded by Ghanaian well like okay well you know know know know know know DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster you know know know know know know like so so uh the development of the the the the the the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James I I I I I I mean so so uh like Hamilton was born; he went went went went went went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga the Arga the Arga the Arga the Arga Arga Arga Arga Arga Arga the Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first first first first first first well well I mean so well presented to Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 19 19 19 19 19 years um I mean you know okay uh old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing while writing while writing while writing while writing writing writing writing writing writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working working working working working working on the like well you know well uh screenplay screenplay screenplay screenplay screenplay screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' okay I I I I I I mean so okay so had already been adapted as as as as as as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, I mean um so um uh following the death of of of of of of his father earlier that year, and so I mean well well well well well well I mean uh debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for Gilbert like like like like like like uh I mean you know like to co-star with with with with with with her, and he received a new um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh okay seven - year contract with MGM as as as as as as a result, like you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman had Kurtzman had Kurtzman had Kurtzman had had had had had had Kurtzman had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he he he he he he would you know like okay like you know have urged urged urged urged urged urged Gaines to include advertising, which may uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I mean have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so um Halicarnassus indicates that the the the the the the Roman institution of slavery began with okay okay you you you you you you know okay well Romulus giving Roman fathers the right right right right right right to sell their well so I mean well well own own own own own own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and and and and and and so I mean so well I mean attended attended attended attended attended attended the University of Arizona State, where she was the I I I I I I mean I mean you know well so starting pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his like you you you you you you know well well I mean contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between between between between between between um well well okay you know Cullowhee and Waynesville, Waynesville, Waynesville, Waynesville, Waynesville, Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for um uh like like like like like like so so booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee Cullowhee Cullowhee Cullowhee Cullowhee Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel and so okay so um like was subsequently baptised in in in in in in 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay um live with her her her her her her Uncle and his two wives (New Aunt like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like and Old Aunt) and never felt felt felt felt felt felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus Glaucus Glaucus Glaucus Glaucus Glaucus abducted Syme uh um like you know okay on on on on on on a journey back from Asia, and had the the the the the the uh so uh well you know island Syme named named named named named named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the since the since the since the since the the the the the the since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have have have have have have been well okay well I mean uh new browsers browsers browsers browsers browsers browsers coming onto the scence, many of these you know you know know know know know know I mean uh uh are open source meaning that that that that that that they tend to have you know so okay like I I I I I I mean faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or or or or or or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located located located located located located on well like okay so I mean Wentworth Drive in in in in in in Bedford, England, named in honour of the uh so like you know know know know know know well writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each in each in each in each in in in in in in each in each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from from from from from from start to finish you know like um well um um um um um um in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York Athletic Club Club Club Club Club Club well you know like uh I mean and focused focused focused focused focused focused on making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in you know know know know know know uh well okay okay 1994 Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with with with with with with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one one one one one one fatality I mean okay you know like so is reported reported reported reported reported reported from a bite in 1983 when a a a a a a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of the the the the the the venue uh you know so uh um was started, new new new new new new side sectors with roof covers um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay were built and the media sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, after graduation, after graduation, after graduation, after after after after after after graduation, after graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led led led led led led well I mean um um so her to dive into into into into into into the exciting and ever - okay uh um well well well well well well uh changing world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which which which which which which well I mean you know so I mean time time time time time time it was discovered that in addition to so you know know know know know know uh um like his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to to to to to to neighborhoods and like you know okay so well areas areas areas areas areas areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received he received he received he received received received received received received he received he received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, appeal, appeal, appeal, appeal, appeal, in the you know like um okay um quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter - final match against Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd would so like like like like like like so you know you know miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by by by by by by okay um well you know so 1911, another line diverted diverted diverted diverted diverted diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is is is is is is like I mean I mean so okay usually used to interfaces interfaces interfaces interfaces interfaces interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly under their well well I mean okay okay banners Pawan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. In uh um um um um um um I mean so I mean association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike at unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike at unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force force force force force force well I mean so like I mean achieved surprise and Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese air forces could not muster a okay I I I I I I mean so like like counter-attack, the enemy knew that that that that that that the Americans were coming; this you know so uh you know um um um um um um time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was it was it was it was it it it it it it was it was then sold by Gompers to the okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well so American War Mothers, also known as the the the the the the Gold Star like well like well um Mothers because because because because because because their display of a flag with a blue okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh star for a son on on on on on on active service and okay like I mean um like like like like like like a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use use use use use use you know um you know um like him in a plot plot plot plot plot plot to conquer the Savage um I mean like I I I I I I mean you know Land; after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy from I mean um you know okay so a a a a a a camp in the Savage Land, Kraven and so well like you you you you you you know um Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, you know know know know know know okay um well well St Elizabeth's Anglican Church is is is is is is an Anglican Church within uh I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh um the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev had khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through through through through through through various senior okay well you know well you know posts posts posts posts posts posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and and and and and and he you know like okay um okay is amazed by her her her her her her broken spirit and whatever he does uh uh well well well well well well you know okay to torture her does not demoralise demoralise demoralise demoralise demoralise demoralise her as she okay you know okay um so so so so so so is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History History History History History History and I mean you know like um I mean Science, National National National National National National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body the body the body the body the the the the the the body the body was of pressed steel, incorporating a a a a a a like okay well I mean I mean box - section section section section section section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on well so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, 1976, 1976, 1976, 1976, 1976, you know um I mean I mean well this variant variant variant variant variant variant had been specifically designed for the dual - uh I I I I I I mean you know I mean like role of lightweight fighter fighter fighter fighter fighter fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing like like like like like like like like uh so the ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it it it it it it you know you know so I mean you know also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was he was he was he was he he he he he he was he was the lead singer and songwriter for for for for for for Junkhouse, one like well you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, uh um well um okay and also collaborated with Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the during the during the during the the the the the the during the during the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies movies movies movies movies movies and like well I mean um um television, and in the the the the the the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading uh you you you you you you know okay um uh series of shut downs and a a a a a a major regional um uh like uh well blackout, such as as as as as as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts like uh uh you know know know know know know so of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous famous famous famous famous famous Gamay of well uh I mean you know know know know know know well Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out out out out out out and so well well I mean well will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that that that that that that were sold well I mean so you know you know know know know know know to either individuals or to the corporations of an an an an an an entire industry, I mean so okay um I I I I I I mean while the railroads at the time, still still still still still still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local well well well well well well okay uh I mean I mean preparation for the the the the the the first assembly of the Virginia Convention so so you know know know know know know well I mean and it considered grievances against British British British British British British rule and the 'Hanover um like you know so so so so so so um Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it is the cleanest village in Kerala, and well well well well well well so I mean uh um it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused they accused they accused they accused they they they they they they accused they accused the elected government of massive corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, abuse of power well um well okay like for their their their their their their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting so like like like like like like you know um you know in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and you you you you you you know like okay I mean you know enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B B B B B B I mean uh um um like. Keith McIntyre, spent her her her her her her early childhood on the east you know you know know know know know know um so so coast of the United States and in in in in in in The Hague, Netherlands, like I mean you know I I I I I I mean okay before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but but but but but but there like uh well um okay is some, some, some, some, some, some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the there the there there there there there there the there the there the there the usual once you you you you you you know like um I mean I mean a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco san Francisco san Francisco san Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco san Francisco san Francisco enacted the same ban, and and and and and and similar ones have okay um you know um um um um um um so been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an an an an an an um you know so uh you know American singer singer singer singer singer singer - songwriter who is best known for her work like like like like like like uh uh um I mean with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the um well well well well well well um like I mean fruit vendors. Several people died, died, died, died, died, died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was it was it was it it it it it it was it was it was formed during several episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes of quaternary glaciation okay uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean when sea levels were much lower - the analysis of stalactites stalactites stalactites stalactites stalactites stalactites you know um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took took took took took took place um well like you know uh 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a a a a a a former outfielder uh like so like uh and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 the G20 the G20 the G20 the the the the the the G20 the G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Corvair Greenbrier Van okay so so I mean you know in in in in in in the late 60s the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by by by by by by you know well you know uh well her stage name name name name name name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley the Brickley the Brickley the Brickley the Brickley Brickley Brickley Brickley Brickley Brickley the Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the the the the the the uh okay okay uh I mean design of an an an an an an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment uses you know know know know know know so I mean I mean well opposing pistons driving driving driving driving driving driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are are are are are are um um I mean so I mean associated associated associated associated associated associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the the the the the the so like so I mean um fetus to to to to to to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Rex Rex Rex Rex Rex I mean well so okay I mean Humbard purchased the building building building building building building as part of a nondenominational Bible college, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by by by by by by uh like okay like um cultural norms and traditions, traditions, traditions, traditions, traditions, traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay so as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording recording recording recording recording recording contract with I mean uh like so well RCA Records Records Records Records Records Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know okay they would record record record record record record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, um um um um um um uh okay you know well the first published journal journal journal journal journal journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', you you you you you you know you know uh so like is a large species species species species species species of South American chinchilla uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay like rats, known from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it ultimately it ultimately it ultimately it it it it it it ultimately it ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was was was was was was indeed okay like uh so well acting under the influence influence influence influence influence influence of Jacko Argyle, and that well well well um um um um um um I mean the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, was, was, was, was, was, in hindsight, an um like I mean so well ironic ironic ironic ironic ironic ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family family family family family family you know you know like I mean so moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel private Badel private Badel private Badel Badel Badel Badel Badel Badel private Badel private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the the the the the the town of so you know like I mean so so so so so so Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay like both started singing at Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday school and through I mean you know know know know know know uh like uh basic education and also also also also also also performing in various high schools and you know so I I I I I I mean well okay participating at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 uh like you you you you you you know I mean well continues northeast and passes passes passes passes passes passes through the northern part of the city of well uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um such as 'Million Guillet' in in in in in in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with with with with with with the um so I mean okay like 'Those Once Once Once Once Once Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing the I I I I I I mean okay I mean well you know recording of another another another another another another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles battles battles battles battles battles okay um you know well okay on the the the the the the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle well uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um of Prokhorovka, they also took part in in in in in in recapturing of okay um okay you know well Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the the the the the the city itself like okay you know uh like - - - - - - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, 100, so well uh um um 000 mark (three (three (three (three (three (three times bigger than the pre-World War so you you you you you you know you know uh okay II population), and by 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski Kowerski you know well um you know um were arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and she so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm of of of of of of the like okay uh um well Class A-Advanced California League setting single single single single single single - season club records so uh like so so so so so so um with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established notions notions notions notions notions notions and um well like well you know hierarchies in in in in in in Japan from its earliest years when Makiguchi questioned questioned questioned questioned questioned questioned the uh so um uh like imperial system along with with with with with with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and and and and and and was caught uh well well like uh by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball softball softball softball softball softball team in the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an an an an an an American professional um um you know like uh basketball player player player player player player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- 10 10 10 10 10 10 so okay well uh like record from 2015; however, however, however, however, however, however, they suffered a second consecutive um you know so so so so so so okay okay 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by by by by by by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months within months within months within months months months months months months within months within months of his first arrest, Pérez Pérez Pérez Pérez Pérez Pérez was involved in a you know okay well well well well well well like um trashed - hotel - room room room room room room incident; he and well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like two members of Selena y Los Dinos were were were were were were intoxicated you know uh so uh uh and began wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall liberty Hall liberty Hall liberty Hall liberty Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall liberty Hall also went by the name of like like like like like like so you know uh like Alfred Hardy & Son Son Son Son Son Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites sites sites sites sites sites to okay like uh well okay establish territories because because because because because because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey well well well well well well you know well okay you know office block owned by by by by by by Cork County Council and so um like you know like like like like like like housing its administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - dewey - dewey - dewey - - - - - - dewey - dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site site site site site site - so um so you know okay specific multimedia sculpture: sculpture: sculpture: sculpture: sculpture: sculpture: an idol designed to explore the well uh you know know know know know know I mean like implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship um um um um um um uh uh you know okay with Carol, as she believes believes believes believes believes believes she has the perfect like uh okay uh so relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with him and reveals that she is imitating imitating imitating imitating imitating imitating um well like I mean so her her her her her her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this during this during this during this during during during during during during this during this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara Tara Tara Tara Tara Tara scrambles for like okay well I mean uh her her her her her her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts so uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh like her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched touched touched touched touched touched down and I mean uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced I I I I I I mean uh uh you know um an automatic shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 like like like like like like so well well so kind of needles, the needle most common common common common common common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on on on on on on uh I mean okay um uh to new new new new new new levels, which means that the complexity okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so and level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. John E. John E. John E. John John John John John John E. John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in 1912 uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh like - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and you you you you you you know so well okay you know aged between 18 18 18 18 18 18 and 23; it can have harmful well um um um um um um so um uh effects on a girl's education education education education education education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting setting setting setting setting setting um uh I mean okay like Thoroughbred racehorse who won won won won won won races on both dirt and turf that today are are are are are are uh so well so like Grade 1 events and in in in in in in the U. S. Triple I mean like like like like like like like uh you know Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number of of of of of of okay like like so I mean prior criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal um well well well well well well I mean um I mean damage in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know so play twentyone games, scoring fifteen fifteen fifteen fifteen fifteen fifteen goals for the North Wales club like uh you know know know know know know like I mean before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like or card and separate separate separate separate separate separate input to a repetitive, labor okay like uh um um um um um um I mean intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic historic historic historic historic historic you know you know so okay so district in Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um I mean fiesta even not knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing the language and to live you know know know know know know you know so okay I mean the Carnival Carnival Carnival Carnival Carnival Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, then faced faced faced faced faced faced well so uh so uh contender Oba Carr in in in in in in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she she she she she she founded you know you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a group um um um um um um you know you know so I mean that was instrumental in in in in in in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the 2008/09 the the the the the the 2008/09 the 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team team team team team team okay so you know well okay from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types various types various types various types various various various various various various types various types of ceremonial pipes have been been been been been been used by so I mean okay I mean so multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, materials I I I I I I mean well um like like smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten you you you you you you know you know you know I mean okay years later, later, later, later, later, later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she like like like like like like okay like I mean like began studying piano; piano; piano; piano; piano; piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a clear um you you you you you you know so um you know cause but is believed believed believed believed believed believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Faakhir so you know uh I mean okay Mehmood, Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first okay you know know know know know know you know well um described by Axel Gudbrand Blytt in in in in in in 1904 as 'Inocybe well like like uh okay erubescens', erubescens', erubescens', erubescens', erubescens', erubescens', though was widely known for many years as okay well well well well well well okay so uh 'I. Patouillardii', named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being being being being being being um so you know uh like 28 stories stories stories stories stories stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup third, third, third, third, third, third, Haplogroup third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage lineage lineage lineage lineage lineage among okay well okay uh I mean the indigenous Australians Australians Australians Australians Australians Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Turners Turners Turners Turners Turners I mean um um like uh Station neighborhood of of of of of of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back okay you know know know know know know um um like with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts you know like you know you know um in Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Philadelphia, Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered in Portugal, um like okay um like where her parents parents parents parents parents parents decided to separate; she and her okay like uh like like like like like like you know siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from from from from from from 24 you know um you know I mean you know October October October October October October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex the complex the complex the complex the complex complex complex complex complex complex the complex was opened in 1965 and the you you you you you you know you know I mean well like larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability the availability the availability the availability the the the the the the availability the availability of timber also influenced the style of of of of of of so okay well I mean okay architecture with timber buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie leslie leslie leslie leslie leslie Lemke leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, well well well well well well uh um well okay is a two - year year year year year year campus of the University of like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and well I I I I I I mean okay like I mean art historians, as well as as as as as as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to so okay so so so so so so so you know do so through his famous three - - - - - - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the okay well well well well well well well uh um three periods after examining shell shell shell shell shell shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, I mean I mean um um um um um um uh well Gordon Pass near modern - day Naples, and and and and and and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning approaches, approaches, approaches, approaches, approaches, approaches, uh I mean I mean you know like like like like like like including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, cases, cases, cases, cases, cases, internet okay um well uh uh - based based based based based based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know so philosophical basis purely on rational rational rational rational rational rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh 2011 NCAA Men's Division Division Division Division Division Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from from from from from from well well I mean I mean well the the the the the the battle but takes long time to reach as he uh so so so so so so well um I mean forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, service, service, service, service, service, so so like uh okay the allied forces faced him on on on on on on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship ship ship ship ship ship well okay so uh uh management companies operated in Monaco Monaco Monaco Monaco Monaco Monaco and is the current Operator I mean well you know know know know know know uh I mean of the QE2, on behalf of of of of of of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, pattern, pattern, pattern, pattern, pattern, result like you know so like well in disqualification, also called called called called called called a 'no score,' which prevents the well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the the the the the the uh um I mean like well system's computers regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently ray inadvertently ray inadvertently ray inadvertently ray inadvertently inadvertently inadvertently inadvertently inadvertently inadvertently ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood so you know like okay I mean -- 'something that that that that that that could never, ever possibly destroy us' -- and um um um um um um I mean well I mean well the destructor arrives in in in in in in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so song and perform on stage ever again, again, again, again, again, again, after this the song like you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay well went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in in in in in in the Downtown so so okay okay okay Core and and and and and and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa in 1919, well so you know well uh to to to to to to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know some considerable distance from from from from from from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know I mean the the the the the the third attempt; the resulting great field position led to to to to to to I mean okay so I mean uh Iowa taking the lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that that that that that that the you know okay so well so gold was depleted and and and and and and that Rhodes' primary aim was you know like you you you you you you know okay like to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and and and and and and after I mean you know uh I mean okay that that that that that that and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the the the the the the 33rd well uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as um um um um um um okay you know I mean so a marble - topped topped topped topped topped topped bar counter, and altogether 50 well so um I I I I I I mean you know different types of marble are used, with with with with with with paired marble Corinthian like so you know uh so so so so so so pilasters supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white white white white white white well okay uh um I mean delegation, and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean 'Herald & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Jonesborough, Jonesborough, Jonesborough, Jonesborough, Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to you know well well well well well well I mean I mean well the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan Cheliyan Cheliyan Cheliyan Cheliyan Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as as as as as as the I mean you know you know uh I I I I I I mean most popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning winning winning winning winning winning a I mean um you know um well battle at Talaialanganam Talaialanganam Talaialanganam Talaialanganam Talaialanganam Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the in the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known as as as as as as uh you know well well uh The Walt Disney World World World World World World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker you you you you you you know okay okay I mean I mean Gertude Athony observed observed observed observed observed observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being like okay so so so so so so I mean you know systematically looted and its its its its its its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School newlands School newlands School newlands School newlands School newlands newlands newlands newlands newlands newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like and voice actress actress actress actress actress actress who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
