In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency contingency contingency contingency contingency contingency contingency paradigm form uh okay uh well okay like of digital digital digital digital digital digital digital image processing in which the image resolution, or so like like like like like like like you know okay well like amount of detail, varies varies varies varies varies varies varies across the image according to well okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to to to to to to to a decision - I mean so okay well um well well well well well well well maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of of of of of of of so well so like um so a complex and evolving task task task task task task task situation, its purpose um uh like well well like being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del Rei, Minas Minas Minas Minas Minas Minas Minas Gerais, well well I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars Minor like you you you you you you you know uh um um okay and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms like okay I mean well uh well Park and St St St St St St St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the you you you you you you you know I mean um well so well 2007, 2008 and and and and and and and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is the world's largest retail retail retail retail retail retail retail property group by equity like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a a a a a a a Canadian film well um like like uh uh producer producer producer producer producer producer producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika utkal Deepika utkal Deepika utkal Deepika utkal Deepika Deepika Deepika Deepika Deepika Deepika Deepika utkal Deepika utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of of of of of of of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, position, position, position, position, position, position, covered you know like so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic uh you you you you you you you know like uh like well Love' onto YouTube in in in in in in in 2008; the video, featuring extensive uh okay like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The The The The The The The Octagon, and well uh so you know well I mean in in in in in in in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July in July in July in July in July in in in in in in in July in July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent uh I I I I I I I mean um you know like like spot on KZZP KZZP KZZP KZZP KZZP KZZP KZZP on Fridays and used the I mean well well well well well well well I mean um I mean um recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling the Rolling the Rolling the Rolling the Rolling the Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling the Rolling Stones covered the song on their second second second second second second second US um uh okay like you know okay album '12 '12 '12 '12 '12 '12 '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed uh you know know know know know know know I mean like you know I mean it as part part part part part part part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 2007 but I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well like okay he now works for Human Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights Rights Watch in you know like okay you know so I I I I I I I mean New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises well so so so so so so so okay well so okay 14 localities located at a maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum distance of from the city, uh okay so okay you you you you you you you know well and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners who have you know well I mean okay like um um um um um um um been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes she becomes she becomes she becomes she she she she she she she becomes she becomes she becomes attracted to him and and and and and and and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the realizing the realizing the realizing the realizing the the the the the the the realizing the realizing the dog is not alive, and that that that that that that that it is um I mean like so okay uh possessed, possessed, possessed, possessed, possessed, possessed, possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in in in in in in in the center of I mean okay like um um um um um um um I mean okay the seaport town of Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know Cherchell Museum houses what are are are are are are are widely considered to be well well I mean uh um um um um um um um um the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later the later the later the later the later later later later later later later the later the later deposits from the Tertiary, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, are I mean so uh so um so of lesser importance, importance, importance, importance, importance, importance, importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, Latif, Latif, Latif, Latif, Latif, Latif, Malik I mean you know okay well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his his his his his his his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All 'For All 'For All 'For All 'For All 'For 'For 'For 'For 'For 'For 'For All 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda get married so so so so so so so uh like so well well in Mexico, and on on on on on on on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in in in in in in in 1823 explained to uh um well well you know well the the the the the the the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, like uh okay like like like like like like like you know you know a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration public Administration public Administration public Administration public Administration Administration Administration Administration Administration Administration Administration public Administration public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 681 681 681 681 681 681 - 690 James Perry well so um you you you you you you you know uh well is one such scholar whose research reveals that that that that that that that public so um so well um so servants tend to to to to to to to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, thus, thus, thus, thus, thus, thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly predates predates predates predates predates predates predates so uh uh well like I mean the post- post- post- post- post- post- post- 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered suffered well uh you know um okay okay nearly 600 600 600 600 600 600 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where you know know know know know know know like um you know like um the 62nd was was was was was was was reduced to the size of a okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling at at at at at at at a uh you know so you know know know know know know know well like terminal station, the train may not continue in a straight straight straight straight straight straight straight so like like uh so like line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote she co-wrote she co-wrote she co-wrote she co-wrote she she she she she she she co-wrote she co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, in 1929, in 1929, in 1929, in 1929, 1929, 1929, 1929, 1929, 1929, 1929, in 1929, in 1929, he isolated and crystallized the the the the the the the gastric enzyme um okay like uh like so pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin pepsin and determined that it was a protein and and and and and and and in okay well I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a so so so so so so so uh so uh um well small virus that that that that that that that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord lord lord lord lord lord lord like I mean I mean like um uh of Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by his I I I I I I I mean so um like you know you know tenants at at at at at at at the site in 1320 in a cauldron so um um um um um um um well I mean like okay suspended from the two large large large large large large large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately 6 %, uh like you know so like like the the the the the the the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 I mean okay you know you know so so so so so so so okay %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan Neopagan so so uh so you know like sources reference reference reference reference reference reference reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, in law, in law, in law, in law, in in in in in in in law, in law, a precedent that is on on on on on on on all fours like you know you know um um um um um um um okay well with the case at hand is one that that that that that that that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 you know uh I mean so like like May 1971) 1971) 1971) 1971) 1971) 1971) 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who who who who who who who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article article article article article article article without um I mean uh so uh I I I I I I I mean sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing deposing deposing deposing deposing deposing deposing his like um so well um well first cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the okay um um um um um um um um um um like Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at at at at at at at uh you know so um I mean so so so so so so so a young age, Copley played his junior rugby league like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know okay for the Aspley Devils and attended attended attended attended attended attended attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill of of of of of of of Bribir, okay well so like like um an ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing I mean um um um um um um um uh okay you know okay all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in 1995, in in in in in in in 1995, in 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar streetcar station you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean as a food court called 'Dupont Down Down Down Down Down Down Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across you you you you you you you know um you know like uh uh operating systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs to be um like you you you you you you you know um okay like checked before purchasing one; this is because because because because because because because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made he made he made he made he he he he he he he made he made he made his debut with the crime crime crime crime crime crime crime film 'Nayakan' I mean you know uh uh okay I I I I I I I mean (2010), following it up with 'City of God' God' God' God' God' God' God' (2011) and like like I mean um okay well well well well well well well 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to to according to according to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, Pavlowitch, the bombing of Belgrade like um well uh so so so so so so so so lasted for three days, other sources state the air air air air air air air you know well I mean okay well okay battle over over over over over over over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars most flatcars most flatcars most flatcars most flatcars flatcars flatcars flatcars flatcars flatcars flatcars most flatcars most flatcars can not carry more than one standard 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 I mean you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know foot container, but if the rail line um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well uh has been built built built built built built built with sufficient vertical clearance, um so you know so well well well well well well well um a double - stack car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league the league the league the league the the the the the the the league the league the league also said there would be be be be be be be television coverage of well um so so you know know know know know know know so its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, France, so I mean okay um um I mean the the the the the the the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean like like Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per per per per per per per well like so I mean so like second second second second second second second to shed rain while in okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising them them them them them them them like okay you know well like um of President Roosevelt's Roosevelt's Roosevelt's Roosevelt's Roosevelt's Roosevelt's Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in several attempts well so so so so so so so you know uh uh you know to drum up American American American American American American American isolationist opinion, including efforts so um you know so well well well well well well well like to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, so so so so so so so uh uh so I mean so entering in Division 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a a a a a a a like okay okay you know okay um diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode the episode the episode the episode the the the the the the the episode the episode the episode was a watershed moment in in in in in in in the labor well so um um so um movement; movement; movement; movement; movement; movement; movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as as as as as as as the go okay um well uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to person for comment on issues concerning the like like like like like like like you know okay you know like well Muslim community even even even even even even even though he has no official standing within uh um um um um um um um um um I mean um the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on several several several several several several several well you know well um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, retreat, retreat, retreat, retreat, retreat, retreat, um like okay so well so and within within within within within within within two hours the mob was moving about the you know know know know know know know you know I mean like uh um city, sacking sacking sacking sacking sacking sacking sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers the writers the writers the writers the writers the the the the the the the writers the writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the the the the the the the forum you know okay I mean like like so so so so so so so and have on several occasions read the comments made okay well well well well well well well I mean uh well like on it; the character character character character character character character Comic Book Guy is often used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore etc. However, well you know okay you know well well well well well well well well the civilisation of India in general, has has has has has has has influenced the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini Mussolini I mean I mean um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and and and and and and and uh so you know like I mean um made theatrical, relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode the episode the episode the episode the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode the episode the episode continues from the previous episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Guess What's Coming um I mean um well like like like like like like like well to Dinner? with the with the with with with with with with with the with the with the with the with the mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally injured Cylon Natalie being taken you know well well well well well well well okay I mean well uh to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, like like like like like like like um um well like well at her 12305 12305 12305 12305 12305 12305 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of you know know know know know know know well like uh well well a top - billed actress for for for for for for for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management management management management management management management at you know like I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so the University of Lausanne and when he returns with with with with with with with much um you know uh uh uh uh fanfare after after after after after after after the course, it is revealed that he well well well well well well well I mean um well like okay has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal legal legal legal legal legal legal um I mean you know uh you know so arm arm arm arm arm arm arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit um um um um um um um um okay okay um so - houses that evolved into kivas kivas kivas kivas kivas kivas kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as um you you you you you you you know okay um um like Marissa (the Flora Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) Venom) one of the Darna's uh so like okay uh like enemy as as as as as as as the story continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Wales with uh like uh um well okay her her her her her her her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and was was was was was was was uh well I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh given the key to his legitimate hometown of uh so so so so so so so you know okay well so Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the the the the the the the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank the bank the bank the bank the the the the the the the bank the bank the bank remains locally owned and and and and and and and operated in well um well you know I I I I I I I mean okay Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in however, in however, in however, in however, however, however, however, however, however, however, in however, in however, in a result that far exceeded exceeded exceeded exceeded exceeded exceeded exceeded the most you know you know I mean uh you know know know know know know know like optimistic projections, the NDP took every every every every every every every seat in the city, in like so you know know know know know know know uh so like most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and open source initiative to provide an an an an an an an enterprise scale so you know you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means this means this means this means this this this this this this this means this means this means that the energy requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement and the use of okay uh I mean I I I I I I I mean you know I mean primary energy can be be be be be be be considered the same, which is not um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know okay the case for industrial - size, common common common common common common common desalination plants, uh like uh uh so so so so so so so uh which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before you you you you you you you know uh so uh um uh joining the ABC and and and and and and and is a graduate of Deakin um uh well well well well well well well so you know so University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted noted noted noted noted noted noted architect so well you know you know like um Wilson Eyre Eyre Eyre Eyre Eyre Eyre Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy uh um um um um um um um well um um well (1823 -- 1891), a noted noted noted noted noted noted noted American paleontologist, and sit next I mean you you you you you you you know uh okay you know well door to to to to to to to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the minuend, minuend, minuend, minuend, minuend, minuend, minuend, okay like uh so well I mean 'x', leading zeros zeros zeros zeros zeros zeros zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is well so so so so so so so like like so well home alone, and on Christmas Eve, Eve, Eve, Eve, Eve, Eve, Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh Curragh Curragh Curragh Curragh Curragh Curragh as okay uh okay like okay you know a a a a a a a Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been um um um um um um um you know I mean so I mean well upgraded twice twice twice twice twice twice twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was was was was was was was named okay uh uh um uh okay after after after after after after after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas john john john john john john john Thomas john Thomas john Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 1830 1830 1830 1830 1830 1830 -- October 20 1917) so you know so you you you you you you you know uh um was an officer in the the the the the the the Union Army during the American uh so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes it organizes it organizes it organizes it it it it it it it organizes it organizes it organizes the football league, the the the the the the the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese uh you know so so so so so so so um like um First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing racing racing racing racing racing racing car okay uh like okay uh I mean designed by by by by by by by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 like like like like like like like okay uh um so uh Formula One One One One One One One season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, like like like like like like like uh uh well so so who drove for Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves saves saves saves saves saves saves the well so you know um I mean uh boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, who ultimately exiles the king who ends up in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like like like a cursed life life life life life life life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative headquarters are located in the okay you you you you you you you know I mean uh um okay town hall hall hall hall hall hall hall of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored ivanović scored ivanović scored ivanović scored scored scored scored scored scored scored ivanović scored ivanović scored ivanović scored his first international international international international international international international goal on 12 September okay you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know 2007 in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying match against uh like I mean like like so Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so okay okay - swinging freekick, he he he he he he he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is clothing is clothing is clothing is clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing is clothing is clothing is viewed as a mean of expression expression expression expression expression expression expression -- uh uh you know um well you know making making making making making making making all students wear the same clothes or limit limit limit limit limit limit limit uh like uh okay uh I mean them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he later, he later, he later, he later, later, later, later, later, later, later, he later, he later, he led a division of of of of of of of the XVI Corps in you know okay uh uh okay like like like like like like like the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, Banks, Banks, Banks, Banks, Banks, Banks, I mean um like I mean so um and received received received received received received received the brevet rank of colonel in the like like like like like like like like um like um so regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh like um footballer who played played played played played played played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State um um um um um um um okay okay um like well University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed phillips performed phillips performed phillips performed phillips phillips phillips phillips phillips phillips phillips performed phillips performed phillips performed in a variety of genres, including including including including including including including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in Northumberland, Northumberland, Northumberland, Northumberland, Northumberland, Northumberland, Northumberland, so like uh well so so England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album so so so so so so so um well so well so 'Smash Your Head Head Head Head Head Head Head on the Punk Rock' as well so okay well well well well well well well um I mean um as a number of various artist artist artist artist artist artist artist compilations, including the City uh well okay like like like like like like like like so Slang compilation 'Slanged! ', and ', and and and and and and and ', and ', and ', and ', and ', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right right right right right right right so I mean you know well so you know - - - - - - - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important an important an important an important an an an an an an an important an important an important crossroads throughout its its its its its its its early history, the village okay well well like you know know know know know know know uh of Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, center, center, center, center, center, center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus well well well well well well well okay you know well um I mean prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J. Jennifer J J J J J J J. Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New New New New New New New York) you know so well you know well like is an an an an an an an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song was removed from YouTube because it um so so so so so so so well well um like was tagged as a YouTube policy policy policy policy policy policy policy violation that forbids hate okay uh um okay like like speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, book, book, book, book, book, book, horowitz's book, horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes criticizes criticizes criticizes criticizes criticizes criticizes individual professors for, as so like okay um you know like like like like like like like he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi so so so so so so so um like okay um I mean and instead advocated looking looking looking looking looking looking looking to the original works, his school um um you know know know know know know know I mean like okay is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was a controlling and abusive man with many many many many many many many other you know you know well okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also wear a Loki head and a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean okay so MF patch only the the the the the the the club know what those are used so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean like for or signify law enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement theorizes with the help um well uh like like like like like like like so uh of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of Turkish like like like like like like like uh so um I mean I mean literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', 'Shazam', 'Shazam', 'Shazam', 'Shazam', 'Shazam', 'Shazam', I mean you know I mean well well I I I I I I I mean he is transformed into a super-powered being possessing um so so so so so so so like okay you know so the same powers that that that that that that that Captain Marvel would later be granted; you know you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like uh however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a a a a a a a personal project um so uh you know like like like like like like like like by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album the album the album the album the the the the the the the album the album the album was released on July July July July July July July 15, 2014 for free so uh I mean like like like like like like like I mean like as an early birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday gift from Kevin to his fans okay um well you know know know know know know know I mean I mean and was met with positive praise praise praise praise praise praise praise from numerous music I mean okay you know so you you you you you you you know I mean sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern half of the country, on the the the the the the the other so so so um uh okay hand, was once once once once once once once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong Le Le Le Le Le Le Le Mans, okay I mean I mean well okay so driving driving driving driving driving driving driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf sponsorship; well um I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know the lure lure lure lure lure lure lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican uh you know know know know know know know well you know well um Council and fostered improved improved improved improved improved improved improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so like of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at at at at at at at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james Curran james james james james james james james Curran james Curran was a native of The Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Liberties, Dublin, well um um so well okay an area area area area area area area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems um like like like like like like like uh so so like since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay uh I mean Dalhousie, on on on on on on on 6 March 1856, set sail for England on like you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so okay board the the the the the the the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because because because because because because because okay well so you know you know um the Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under the you know know know know know know know like you know so so um by forcing federal federal federal federal federal federal federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like well um so so so so so so so like you know um the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their so so so so so so so you know like uh like you know offices on Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower Bridge Road, London where they have I mean I I I I I I I mean you know you know you know uh an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human body uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean uh like and a type of of of of of of of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; 1993; 1993; 1993; 1993; 1993; 1993; you know I mean you know like like well the the the the the the the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was also um um um um um um um uh okay you know uh like being actively supported by by by by by by by the DUP, the TUV and UKIP uh you you you you you you you know um well I mean well. The Tory party party party party party party party also refused to run a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, 1950, the okay like like you know you you you you you you you know I mean son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into into into into into into into you know well so I mean like um Iowa, and during during during during during during during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, her photo and byline were running well I I I I I I I mean uh well like I mean in the 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Chevrolet Camaro you know okay like well like uh Z28 Z28 Z28 Z28 Z28 Z28 Z28 then parks the car in front of the well well well well well well well well okay um like well school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island the island the island the island the island island island island island island island the island the island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal Senegal Senegal Senegal Senegal Senegal Senegal was granted well so you know so okay um independence, with only only only only only only only brief periods of English occupation during the I mean like like like like like like like you know like so um various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin (pinyin (pinyin (pinyin (pinyin (pinyin (pinyin you know I mean um like so like Huáng Hào Hào Hào Hào Hào Hào Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds builds builds builds builds builds builds I mean I mean so I mean okay like on on on on on on on the existing body of query language issues, many of which which which which which which which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for for for for for for for you know uh I mean I mean so um allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills him him him him him him him like uh like like you know uh in a a a a a a a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George thomas George thomas George thomas George George George George George George George thomas George thomas George thomas George Lyon - - - - - - - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, uh well so so so so so so so I mean so so 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) 1834) was the only son well I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock rock rock rock rock rock rock like well uh so I mean um band The Living Living Living Living Living Living Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city city city city city city city uh um so uh like uh of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian team won all nine games played in in in in in in in the um you know you know like so well well well well well well well tournament and became the first nation from America and only only only only only only only you know I mean uh uh uh um the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic the photovoltaic the photovoltaic the photovoltaic the photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic photovoltaic the photovoltaic the photovoltaic off - grid market has been been been been been been been researched by international so um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean institutes, universities and market research companies, companies, companies, companies, companies, companies, companies, it's estimated in uh uh well well well uh 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it it it it it it it first uh you know well okay okay well began began began began began began began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent years people using maphacks having to with with with with with with with Blizzard well so so um I mean um Entertainment's Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo Diablo II have been charged with cheating and have okay you know know know know know know know uh well uh I mean had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is located in the old part of of of of of of of the so like like well I mean so so so so so so so capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in in in in in in in the well like you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the the the the the the the okay um so like um you know Member of Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament Parliament for the district of Western Arctic in I I I I I I I mean um I mean so um like the Northwest Territories Territories Territories Territories Territories Territories Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) you know like like like like like like like so you know like like in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was was was was was was was the petitioner well well so um so I mean in in in in in in in one of the best known habeas corpus cases like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know of the American Civil War, a a a a a a a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together together together together together together together with the R13, so you know so um um um um um um um well um R14, R15 and R16 and long long long long long long long - distance uh uh like so like well services, services, services, services, services, services, services, branch off to Estació de França, so you know okay so so so so so so so so okay you know that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks knocks knocks knocks knocks knocks knocks aphids off plants um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like and thus kills them from the impact impact impact impact impact impact impact or by well okay so okay okay I mean starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA the INLA the INLA the INLA the INLA INLA INLA INLA INLA INLA INLA the INLA the INLA shot dead one of their their their their their their their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it it it it it it it became apparent that uh I mean uh um like like like like like like like you know she lacked a campaign message, outside of her her her her her her her 'love okay uh so uh okay uh for Toronto' and her perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the despite the despite the despite the despite despite despite despite despite despite despite the despite the despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, Brannan, Brannan, Brannan, Brannan, Brannan, Brannan, was able to flee so so uh like um um um um um um um like the scene, but was discovered the next morning morning morning morning morning morning morning hiding you know so um like uh well well well well well well well in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp I mean so I I I I I I I mean well so uh in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November on November on November on November on on on on on on on November on November on November 9, 2011, the band band band band band band band went on so uh uh well well like their their their their their their their first tour arranged by new label Fearless Fearless Fearless Fearless Fearless Fearless Fearless Records I mean well you know uh you know know know know know know know okay - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris well well well well well well well you know uh well um well at Mettupalayam, 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of of of of of of of you know like I mean okay okay uh South Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean okay I mean North North North North North North North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was involved in a number of activities at Duke you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean uh well and served served served served served served served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song towards towards towards towards towards towards towards well you know okay uh like you know the the the the the the the two parents: a version for the mother and like like like like like like like like well you know like I mean one for for for for for for for the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to according to according to according to according according according according according according according to according to according to declassified documents, made public by by by by by by by the National Security well you know like well well well well well well well okay like Archive, CORU was created to unify five five five five five five five different Cuban exile I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know groups, at a meeting in in in in in in in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis following um so so so you know like German invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched hatched hatched hatched hatched hatched hatched a uh like you know well uh so plan plan plan plan plan plan plan to make her move in with him, so I I I I I I I mean okay well well well which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written written written written written written written like so okay um like so Harold Pinter stared stared stared stared stared stared stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it it it it it it it comes okay you know okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to allowing same - sex couples to jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly petition for uh so okay I mean well you know adoption, adoption, adoption, adoption, adoption, adoption, adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level of like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know um shared guardianship through a co-parenting co-parenting co-parenting co-parenting co-parenting co-parenting co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is is is is is is is um well uh uh like I mean a retired professional professional professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons okay I mean like you know um I mean with with with with with with with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 10 so uh well well you know uh March March March March March March March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored he scored he scored he scored he scored scored scored scored scored scored scored he scored he scored a total of seven league league league league league league league goals you know you know like uh uh well in the the the the the the the 2007 - 08 season; however, because of um so so so so so so so um um I mean so the number number number number number number number of games he played for both I mean so so so so so so so I mean well well uh Charlton and China, he he he he he he he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never never never never never never never okay well you know uh like uh put into into into into into into into action due to limitations in funds okay uh well okay um um um um um um um well and the belief that the tides of the war war war war war war war were uh okay uh um so well beginning to turn turn turn turn turn turn turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, and I mean you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean was subsequently made a Fellow of of of of of of of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December on December on December on December on December December December December December December December on December on December 24, 'The Interview' was made available available available available available available available on online uh well you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with with with with with with with the so uh uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel or or or or or or or well so okay you know so so Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, in interviews, in interviews, in interviews, in interviews, interviews, interviews, interviews, interviews, interviews, interviews, in interviews, in interviews, Messina has said she covered the the the the the the the song in okay uh you know um well so memory of of of of of of of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department the Department the Department the Department Department Department Department Department Department Department the Department the Department the Department of Labor had taken taken taken taken taken taken taken no action on you know so uh like I mean well well well well well well well Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when well well well well well well well I mean so um you know well he sells jars of of of of of of of his mother's homemade Pesto like you know well well well well well well well like um okay sauce, and tells the camera that that that that that that that his mother has so like uh I mean like well well well well well well well never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator was in the nose between the the the the the the the engine and I mean um um you know like like like like like like like um propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar the Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara HattiKara HattiKara HattiKara HattiKara HattiKara HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are uh uh so I mean like like like like like like like you know a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, caste, caste, caste, caste, caste, caste, found you know um you know like I mean um um um um um um um predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, England, England, England, England, England, England, uh um uh well uh like and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean you know I mean of of of of of of of time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left 'left 'left 'left 'left 'left 'left okay um so well okay okay arm while while while while while while while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to so so so so so so so um you know I mean well uh stop at the referee's five five five five five five five count, so the referee I mean like I mean like like like like like like like well um disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first first first first first first first you know like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean hearing in 100 years, took place at the the the the the the the Golders Green okay um like well well so Hippodrome in in in in in in in London on 2 August 1975; this production was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um uh well broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan Sukalyan you know okay okay you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe the Joe the Joe the the the the the the the Joe the Joe the Joe the Joe Paterno statue statue statue statue statue statue statue was a bronze sculpture of okay well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um Joe Paterno, former head coach of the the the the the the the Penn State Nittany you know like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was was was was was was was commissioned by so um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Paterno friends and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe like well so okay um so Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the the the the the the the skin so you know so like uh uh and injects injects injects injects injects injects injects saliva which prevents blood from well um so uh like like like like like like like um clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet Tibet Tibet Tibet Tibet Tibet Tibet like you know um okay you know okay and after after after after after after after spending one and a half years in Kalimpong he he he he he he he I mean well okay like uh uh settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some energy is placed in the 'sender' 'sender' 'sender' 'sender' 'sender' 'sender' 'sender' coil, provided okay okay so well um uh the the the the the the the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater okay like like like like like like like like um well like than the coupling coefficient, then much much much much much much much of the power uh okay so I mean you you you you you you you know well can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated the Illuminated the the the the the the the Illuminated the Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de de de de de de de Gestis Hungarorum) represents uh so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & lord & lord & lord & lord & & & & & & & lord & lord & Taylor added a a a a a a a store in 1980, only I mean okay like like like like like like like so um you know to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 minutes in um okay well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a following a following a following a following a a a a a a a following a following a peace deal signed on March March March March March March March 4, 2007, like like I mean well well like like like like like like like it was considered a possibility that Soro would so so so so so so so um I mean I mean okay um be named prime prime prime prime prime prime prime minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision decision decision decision decision decision decision to um like so I mean um you know sign sign sign sign sign sign sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count well well well well well well well so so so uh uh Your Lucky Stars Stars Stars Stars Stars Stars Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced announced announced announced announced announced announced that I mean uh okay well like like there will be be be be be be be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who who who who who who who later became um okay well I mean okay well Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Preparator at the museum, together built well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina Angelina uh you know you know uh okay uh County, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then then then then then then then uh so you know uh I mean um cataracts in in in in in in in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies okay well well well well well well well you know uh so well and equipments worth hundreds of of of of of of of thousands of dollars to well uh um um you know know know know know know know um her home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well uh um in this process, process, process, process, process, process, process, and to this end, the 51st Division so so uh um um um um um um um you know um was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul Rabaul Rabaul Rabaul Rabaul Rabaul Rabaul then sent on you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that so so so so so so so okay okay well okay so owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic plastic plastic plastic plastic plastic plastic I mean okay well I mean like well bottles bottles bottles bottles bottles bottles bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and um well well well well well well well you know like like like Magic, was given the the the the the the the role, and digitally added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon um um um um um um um okay well um well okay that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is he is he is he is is is is is is is he is he is he is best known for for for for for for for his leading uh like um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay role in the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), (2011), (2011), (2011), (2011), (2011), (2011), okay I mean I mean you know um okay as as as as as as as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office and and and and and and and demands for so like so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay him to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and and and and and and and offices are well so uh okay like okay located at the the the the the the the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in in in in in in in um um so you know um well the business to to to to to to to David Thompson who began Owen Owens well uh I I I I I I I mean um uh you know expansion they purchased Joplings & & & & & & & Robbs off the now defuncted uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in in in in in in in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity the popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity the popularity the popularity of the song made the the the the the the the group to appear well I mean uh um um um um um um um like well on MTV's 'TRL' in the U U U U U U U. S. Early 2001 and the okay uh like so well well well well well well well uh song was added to the track list of the the the the the the the um like um so I mean I mean U. S S S S S S S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial like like like like like like like um I mean so you know like ways, ways, ways, ways, ways, ways, ways, for example, many criminals display this type of selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish um uh um you know uh I mean behavior in in in in in in in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has also fielded trucks part - time for you know so so so so so so so well okay I mean um himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has derrike has derrike has derrike derrike derrike derrike derrike derrike derrike has derrike has derrike has derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake well well well well well well well you know like I mean you know okay for for for for for for for the town of Broken Hill, western New South I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean so like Wales, Australia is is is is is is is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, Leila had a short participation participation participation participation participation participation participation as a burlesque star, and I mean okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's I I I I I I I mean um okay so like I mean relationship quickly blossomed, blossomed, blossomed, blossomed, blossomed, blossomed, blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, revealing, patchy black you know well like um well you you you you you you you know leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched he switched he switched he switched he he he he he he he switched he switched he switched to quarterbacks coach in in in in in in in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this time he wrote his first novel, you know know know know know know know like well okay okay you know 'Guiana Boy', which which which which which which which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Tree Tree Tree Tree Tree Tree Press in 2002 ), and uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the years its name was changed many many many many many many many uh I mean so uh so like times mostly because because because because because because because of the regime change in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um well so the country, for example, when when when when when when when Latvia was a part of the I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean uh okay USSR it was named named named named named named named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, for, for, for, for, for, for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot so so so so so so so like okay so you know like and photographer who who who who who who who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to many key players being injured in in in in in in in the like you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon well well well well well well well I mean um so so so team for his his his his his his his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had he had he had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic the the the the the the the Linguistic the Linguistic the Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was was was was was was was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and and and and and and and well well like uh like okay in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like um um jugs which are connected with with with with with with with the spring festival the I mean I mean you know know know know know know know like I mean well Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played there until until until until until until until um you know okay you know I mean um um um um um um um 1943 after which he played for several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he he he he he he he had never I mean like okay uh like like seen seen seen seen seen seen seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in in in in in in in the like so um okay you know okay form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line line line line line line line and well um uh like okay you know an an an an an an an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks tanks tanks tanks tanks tanks tanks and so you know uh um I mean uh two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the um um um um um um um like you know so like so principles of American conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism conservatism - although it promotes small government uh you know you you you you you you you know uh um um policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity the activity the activity the the the the the the the activity the activity the activity the activity of of of of of of of neurons generate electric currents; and the synchronous uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean action of neural ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles ensembles in the cerebral cortex, so you know okay um um um um um um um okay uh comprising large numbers of neurons, produce produce produce produce produce produce produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard vanguard vanguard vanguard vanguard vanguard vanguard you know uh I mean so um like elite elite elite elite elite elite elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like um okay okay a proletarian vanguard but instead instead instead instead instead instead instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem the Problem the Problem the Problem the Problem Problem Problem Problem Problem Problem Problem the Problem the Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 book by uh so uh um I mean I I I I I I I mean Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors examine examine examine examine examine examine examine moral well like so well um well issues surrounding babies babies babies babies babies babies babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter the Walter the Walter the Walter the the the the the the the Walter the Walter the Walter Rand Transportation Center is is is is is is is a transportation hub located like okay I mean so so so so so so so so you know at Martin Luther King Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, well like so you know um um um um um um um I mean New Jersey served by the River LINE, LINE, LINE, LINE, LINE, LINE, LINE, the Broadway Station of the uh like so so so so so so so so um okay PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the International International International International International International International well okay so I mean you know okay Marine Radio Radio Radio Radio Radio Radio Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after so so like like like like like like like uh I mean okay his father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean okay well to the Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Defense Council but the Quaid - i um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know um - Azam who headed headed headed headed headed headed headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed tokyopop licensed tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language language language language language language language release in you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of um you know know know know know know know like uh I mean like ability to fly, which is is is is is is is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals tom reveals tom reveals tom reveals tom reveals reveals reveals reveals reveals reveals reveals tom reveals tom reveals that he has has has has has has has had his ear I mean uh well um um um um um um um I mean well pierced, but by who? , tom tom tom tom tom tom tom shows his well like like um um well sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters who can not help but laugh, when Jane Jane Jane Jane Jane Jane Jane arrives well so uh well uh so home from work work work work work work work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked uh I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh well in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced so so like so so so in 1978 by Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the the the the the the the main square well uh okay okay you know well in in in in in in in Zlin by thousands of people cheering him and like uh you you you you you you you know okay uh okay he immediately initiated plans plans plans plans plans plans plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning natural natural natural natural natural natural natural cleaning natural cleaning natural cleaning products are substances used used used used used used used to clean, deodorize, uh you know like uh I mean you you you you you you you know and / or disinfect that are less less less less less less less damaging to I mean so um well like so so so so so so so the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks the Sharks the Sharks the Sharks the Sharks Sharks Sharks Sharks Sharks Sharks Sharks the Sharks the Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender contender contender contender contender contender contender I mean so so so well so in the 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s following the drafting of several um uh I mean so so so so so so so well okay players, among them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken taken taken taken taken taken taken second well uh like uh um uh overall overall overall overall overall overall overall in 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands the islands the islands the islands islands islands islands islands islands islands the islands the islands the islands of the Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines are inhabited by a number of you know okay you you you you you you you know um you know uh different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- like so I mean you know I mean um 1862), 1862), 1862), 1862), 1862), 1862), 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the the the the the the the well like so like I mean okay Kingdom of Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia Serbia during the Balkan Wars uh like you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and after the First World War the city became became became became became became became like like okay like well I mean part of the newly newly newly newly newly newly newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, like um so okay um uh originally consisting of of of of of of of a triptych, and the central part of well so you you you you you you you know so well like it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um well you know Otis G. Pike, is is is is is is is the only federally designated wilderness um well uh I I I I I I I mean okay I mean area in New York State, State, State, State, State, State, State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines a future where the United States um um um um um um um well uh I mean okay I mean Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress has decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters enters enters enters enters enters enters okay well um um okay um the body, which is specified specified specified specified specified specified specified as the moment a person okay so uh um well well well well well well well I mean has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the the the the the the the mile long I mean so so well okay I I I I I I I mean leat which dates from 1493 along with well you you you you you you you know um I mean um well some meadows meadows meadows meadows meadows meadows meadows were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, College, College, College, College, College, College, where uh uh so uh okay okay he was was was was was was was a three - year starter and so well well well well well well well well like um like played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if not not not not not not not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, that autumn, that autumn, that autumn, that autumn, autumn, autumn, autumn, autumn, autumn, autumn, that autumn, that autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona you know you know like um uh so Cardinals, Cardinals, Cardinals, Cardinals, Cardinals, Cardinals, Cardinals, McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and and and and and and and well okay okay uh okay uh made his first first first first first first first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well so I mean with 11 - of of of of of of of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of Tennessee, um um um um um um um well so um like uh and graduated from from from from from from from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved um you know know know know know know know so okay okay I mean to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and uh you you you you you you you know like uh you know you know involves ten ten ten ten ten ten ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay so you know same year. This This This This This This This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was the daughter of Bohemund VI like okay okay so so so so so so so um I mean of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force Force Force Force Force Force Force from uh you know okay you know uh uh 1954 1954 1954 1954 1954 1954 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada and okay like so you you you you you you you know um so California and eventually piloting bombers in in in in in in in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's Madonna's 'Sticky okay like you know like okay you know and and and and and and and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts acts acts acts acts acts acts as so well I mean you know so like Benny's Benny's Benny's Benny's Benny's Benny's Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean well that worked to improve efficiency efficiency efficiency efficiency efficiency efficiency efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an you you you you you you you know you know uh um so you know afterthought, as as as as as as as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which well so so so so so so so well like I mean like she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it is no longer possible to find the the the the the the the old uh like I mean well okay uh maps in in in in in in in the secret archives, and even those which uh um I I I I I I I mean okay so like Xiao He found found found found found found found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed a series I mean well um um um well of of of of of of of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan contacted well like like like like like like like um you know okay you know Blind Veterans UK and and and and and and and spent a day at the um I mean okay um well well well well well well well okay charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his um um um um um um um uh I mean uh you know uh contributions to the the the the the the the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class to class, class, class, class, class, class, class, completing um um so like okay well regular assignments, they participate participate participate participate participate participate participate in quests, aimed at solving well you know know know know know know know like like okay well complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time some time some time some time some time time time time time time time some time some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory like like like like like like like okay so well so well as well as Sakae's Sakae's Sakae's Sakae's Sakae's Sakae's Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any um um um um um um um I mean you know uh so okay surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or you you you you you you you know so okay well um so the Younger was a a a a a a a brother of the apostle Matthew okay so you know well well well well well well well okay I mean and the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the you know like like like like like like like like like um okay company was under investigation by by by by by by by the attorney generals' offices of um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like 15 separate states for suspected targeting of of of of of of of military veterans uh um I mean um um well with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over um um um um um um um like um you know I mean okay Jay's Treaty, perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the French um um um um um um um well okay you know okay well ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by by by by by by by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and you know know know know know know know so well well well um Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman (Chairman (Chairman (Chairman (Chairman (Chairman (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort I mean like um um um um um um um um um I mean to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France France France France France France France and established okay uh well like okay so rocket manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas Erwin douglas douglas douglas douglas douglas douglas douglas Erwin douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) 1981) 1981) 1981) 1981) 1981) 1981) is a okay like well well uh okay professional Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket well like you you you you you you you know so like you know for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform so so so so so so so okay like um um um campaign centered around EDM that includes includes includes includes includes includes includes digital content, advertising I mean so well you know know know know know know know like um featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the triMet, the triMet, the triMet, the triMet, triMet, triMet, triMet, triMet, triMet, triMet, the triMet, the triMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit transit transit transit transit transit transit authority, so uh um um I mean um for its its its its its its its MAX Orange Line light rail uh well you know uh well well well well well well well so passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went he went he went he went he went he he he he he he he went he went on to play 66 games and kick kick kick kick kick kick kick like I mean I mean uh I mean okay 80 80 80 80 80 80 80 goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um okay um game in 1946, 1946, 1946, 1946, 1946, 1946, 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat panchayat panchayat panchayat panchayat panchayat panchayat town in um okay um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay so on loan for the season, season, season, season, season, season, season, with Bari having the option uh you know well well well well well well well uh okay like to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th Special uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so so um okay Service Brigade, who who who who who who who also suffered badly during the run - in you you you you you you you know okay uh you know well um and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services train services train services train services train services train train train train train train train services train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal Portugal (CP); the uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know okay I mean three Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for for for for for for for well you know um well um um the line in in in in in in in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of her her her her her her her responsibilities; she was well like like I mean okay you know know know know know know know also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like so controversy over the colour of the the the the the the the Australian flags used at I mean you know so so so so so so so um I mean you know the 1927 opening of provisional provisional provisional provisional provisional provisional provisional parliament house in Canberra, uh so so um so so so so so so so uh where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime well you you you you you you you know well so uh so titled Exit 19, revolving revolving revolving revolving revolving revolving revolving around a single mother who struggles okay okay you know know know know know know know okay you know you know to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul VI like um like I mean okay uh requesting to be be be be be be be released from the priesthood, in which he okay you you you you you you you know uh um I mean well admitted molesting children children children children children children children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in in in in in in in addition, in addition, in addition, the distance between two two two two two two two points via Transit is not uh so you know you know know know know know know know so well equivalent to the distance in normal space; two two two two two two two star I mean well uh um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like uh Gaga since summer summer summer summer summer summer summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' Elegies' and you know um like well you know like 'Sonnets 'Sonnets 'Sonnets 'Sonnets 'Sonnets 'Sonnets 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of of of of of of of you know well so so you know uh Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a as a as a as a as a a a a a a a as a as a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San San San San San San San Antonio de Béxar um okay uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean drafted a petition containing similar language to to to to to to to the convention resolutions, well um so okay well well well well well well well well which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the after the after the game, they are seen walking in the the the the the the the car park, um okay um okay okay so and as as as as as as as one of them attempts to unlock the I mean you you you you you you you know uh okay um so door with his key, they they they they they they they hear a strange noise, which I mean you know know know know know know know uh I mean so well is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially he initially he initially he initially he initially initially initially initially initially initially initially he initially he initially had no musical background, he taught taught taught taught taught taught taught himself by okay you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two have been been been been been been been related I mean uh you know okay well like like like like like like like by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 FIFA I mean like I mean okay like so World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup and starring well - known football okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like uh players from national national national national national national national teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra so well you you you you you you you know you know okay like of 'risk everything' - - - - - - - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations united Nations united Nations united Nations united united united united united united united Nations united Nations united Nations station is well - served served served served served served served by buses and so I mean well uh I I I I I I I mean I mean jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and and and and and and and nearby routes, uh so so well well like like like like like like like taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest satsangi's latest satsangi's latest satsangi's latest latest latest latest latest latest latest satsangi's latest satsangi's latest satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' LUNGS' LUNGS' LUNGS' LUNGS' LUNGS' LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a a a a a a a uh okay I mean um uh um dormant dormant dormant dormant dormant dormant dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a a a a a a a promotional video produced by um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as as as as as as as well um uh so okay okay like as on an an an an an an an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment like I mean well well uh okay for pancreatic cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, cancer, and was unable to attend the read - so um um um um um um um you know uh I mean um throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First Division Division Division Division Division Division Division and so so well well I mean um they they they they they they they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', People', People', People', People', People', People', lit um I mean I mean um well okay. 'Song 'Song 'Song 'Song 'Song 'Song 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a a a a a a a poem I mean well well okay so you know know know know know know know written by Isak Saba that was published in in in in in in in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was hallahan was hallahan was hallahan was hallahan was was was was was was was hallahan was hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, uh you know okay well well well well well well well I mean so then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling to uh like uh uh so you know put to to to to to to to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean okay where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like well I mean founder of Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well um and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama (Osama (Osama (Osama (Osama (Osama (Osama bin Laden), he okay I mean well so so you you you you you you you know acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented gilligan presented gilligan presented gilligan presented gilligan gilligan gilligan gilligan gilligan gilligan gilligan presented gilligan presented gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press Press Press Press Press Press Press TV, the Iranian well um well you know know know know know know know I mean okay government's English - language TV channel until December December December December December December December 2009, though uh uh well like well um he appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like you know okay uh the breeding pair of the the the the the the the pack, indicating they do like well uh well well well well well well well okay uh not serve as a behavioral correction or or or or or or or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) Man) Man) Man) Man) Man) Man) is an British I mean um um uh I mean I I I I I I I mean TV chef and actor he originally trained as as as as as as as a okay well um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of well well well well well well well well okay so well I mean the Vijayanagara era is a a a a a a a protected monument under well well uh well okay um the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in so well well well well well well well I mean like uh well Pinar del Río Province Province Province Province Province Province Province and profits were initially robust enough you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh that Chanler was able to loan loan loan loan loan loan loan $ 35 million like uh I mean okay so um to to to to to to to the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about about about about about about about planting I mean uh uh uh well um more crops crops crops crops crops crops crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away so so so so so so so um I mean I mean okay like hunting for for for for for for for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the um so so so so so so so uh I mean okay I mean coastal town of of of of of of of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his his his his his his his friend and instead I mean so like so well well well well well well well okay joins forces with Yash to execute a plan I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um okay um against Vishnu and savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu savVishnu has been keeping Maya and you know well well well well well well well uh um like well Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; um um um um um um um um well like okay okay however, because there was already already already already already already already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July on July on July on July on July July July July July July July on July on July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to to to to to to to threatening I mean um um I mean okay uh and and and and and and and breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel bessel proved bessel proved bessel proved that parallax of a a a a a a a star was greater than I mean uh like uh like like like like like like like so zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds arcseconds arcseconds arcseconds arcseconds arcseconds arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft draft draft draft draft draft draft like okay uh okay like I mean of the the the the the the the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, deep I mean okay okay like um like waters waters waters waters waters waters waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean okay uh However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new the new the new the new new new new new new new the new the new the new truck has a fully fully fully fully fully fully fully boxed ladder frame, the well okay like so um like like like like like like like wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with so so so so so so so uh like okay you know you know a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they they they they they they they were channel uh well I mean um I I I I I I I mean uh eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units units units units units units units of I mean like um you know I mean um um um um um um um the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the the the the the the the okay well uh so okay you know Pontifical Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and like um well well well well well well well well you know so was ordained to the Catholic priesthood priesthood priesthood priesthood priesthood priesthood priesthood on March 5, um uh so um like well well well well well well well 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her her her her her her her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of okay so so so so so so so uh um okay well his career in Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 so so you you you you you you you know like uh well prize for the longest flight from from from from from from from England to the like well well uh okay like like like like like like like Continent in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking taking taking taking taking taking taking water uh you know uh uh uh so from the the the the the the the reservoir to use for m mayor William Hartsfield Hartsfield Hartsfield Hartsfield Hartsfield Hartsfield Hartsfield I mean so like um I mean like traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, you you you you you you you know like I mean you know well uh Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal of so um I mean okay like I I I I I I I mean Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh you know in Serbia such as Elitni Elitni Elitni Elitni Elitni Elitni Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta so um well um um um um um um um um uh arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- the E- the E- the E- the E- E- E- E- E- E- E- the E- the E- 170 and E- 175 directly directly directly directly directly directly directly compete with the I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh Bombardier CRJ - 700 and and and and and and and Bombardier CRJ - okay okay okay you know okay you you you you you you you know 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more more more more more more more um so um well like um than minimal governmental intervention intervention intervention intervention intervention intervention intervention in personal liberties and the economy you know um like like like like like like like well I mean so is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and uh like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's well well well well well well well so so um okay like death was was was was was was was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and and and and and and and you know you know well like so um kelly Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield Butterfield older sister she has been billed as like like like like like like like so uh okay well like volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John Rylands Library and Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester University Library, now I mean okay well okay uh so so so so so so so the John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and and and and and and and you know like um like I mean you know the special special special special special special special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services you know know know know know know know so I mean you know okay well level level level level level level level with about half the firefighters being Certified First so like like like like like like like okay um like well Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends he contends he contends he contends he he he he he he he contends he contends he contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard Nygard Nygard Nygard Nygard Nygard Nygard harming the okay I mean like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's club's club's club's club's club's club's 2006 um well like you know you know well season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems problems problems problems problems problems problems with like so okay um so so piracy as half half half half half half half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the as the as the as the as as as as as as as the as the as the value of the cowry was was was was was was was very much I mean you know well so like I I I I I I I mean greater in West Africa than in the regions regions regions regions regions regions regions from which uh like well um I mean okay the the the the the the the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and and and and and and and so okay uh uh so well in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South and and and and and and and uh um like uh you know I mean has helped helped helped helped helped helped helped the school reach academic excellence over you know like uh well well well well well well well well you know the other two high schools schools schools schools schools schools schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse wild wild wild wild wild wild wild Horse wild Horse wild Horse is a hamlet in southern southern southern southern southern southern southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, despite this, despite this, despite this, despite despite despite despite despite despite despite this, despite this, despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe believe believe believe believe believe believe that Warren deserved to die uh uh um um um um um um um I mean so you know for killing Tara or Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, Katrina, but she and Xander agree okay I mean so uh well well well well well well well okay that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium Realprogymnasium in so well well like so you know Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when I I I I I I I mean like um I mean uh like the the the the the the the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and you know know know know know know know you know okay so you know well won by by by by by by by a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has worked with popular hip - hop uh you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay uh artists such as as as as as as as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama okay you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her ninth or tenth year she was sent sent sent sent sent sent sent with her siblings well okay well well okay like to complete complete complete complete complete complete complete her education in Leiden, The Netherlands, where was so so so so so so so uh um like well uh taught classic and modern modern modern modern modern modern modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean well well the screenplay with Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was was was was was was was you know um uh like I mean like a popular popular popular popular popular popular popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known um like I I I I I I I mean uh so you know by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and um um um um um um um um you know well like you know drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married he married he married he married he he he he he he he married he married he married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their their their their their their their uh okay so well so you know wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the station has only significance for I mean like like like like like like like um uh like like the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though though though though though though though well um uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with with with with with with with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a a a a a a a okay um I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to test the the the the the the the well I mean you know you know you know I I I I I I I mean effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes them' an so so uh okay you know um um um um um um um indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by well well well well well well well like so so like like Brian Philip Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis was also produced to coincide with the single single single single single single single um uh well you know you know okay release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men and commanders were more experienced, and his like like like like like like like I mean I mean so well like tactics simpler and and and and and and and easier for them to follow, and intelligence you know know know know know know know well well I mean so I mean on enemy dispositions dispositions dispositions dispositions dispositions dispositions dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the the the the the the the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, 1Squadron, 1Squadron, 1Squadron, 1Squadron, 1Squadron, 1Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the the the the the the the I mean well like um so I mean Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah at at at at at at at okay I mean so so uh um the southern end end end end end end end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, University, University, University, University, University, University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, alliances, so you know okay so like you know such as as as as as as as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler straggler straggler straggler straggler straggler straggler from the well I mean well um you know like like like like like like like convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times seven times seven times seven times seven times times times times times times times seven times seven times married, all of which ended in in in in in in in divorce you know okay um I mean well um and none none none none none none none of which lasted more than three years, she so so so so so so so you know okay um uh you know acquired grand foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs all songs all songs all songs all songs songs songs songs songs songs songs all songs all songs recorded by the Paradimes have have have have have have have been written by uh well so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group uh I I I I I I I mean uh um okay okay released their their their their their their their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like like so to various areas areas areas areas areas areas areas of the Pacific coast in northeast like like like like like like like um so uh so like Japan, and Fukushima faced faced faced faced faced faced faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king Savant Singh was a poet also and he he he he he he he uh okay uh okay you know um wrote under under under under under under under the name of Nagari Dās, as well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean um as as as as as as as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which um like like like like like like like um like uh I mean worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the the the the the the the American so so okay uh so so lifestyle to millions of of of of of of of Chinese viewers and her role on like so okay you you you you you you you know um like 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included included included included included included included live reporting for I mean uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting accepting accepting accepting accepting accepting accepting okay um okay uh so you know GIFs, Gould began began began began began began began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, built, built, built, built, built, built, 11 have I mean um um you know know know know know know know okay uh been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, after graduating, after graduating, after graduating, after after after after after after after graduating, after graduating, after graduating, he opened his gallery gallery gallery gallery gallery gallery gallery at 44a Charlotte Road uh so well so um um um um um um um uh in Shoreditch, and worked with many of of of of of of of the artists okay okay um like okay um of of of of of of of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for for for for for for for Weathertop, the um well so um like so hill on on on on on on on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left school at 16 and drifted through various uh you you you you you you you know uh well well I mean jobs including a a a a a a a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and okay well like you know know know know know know know I mean you know theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor actor actor actor actor actor actor with the you know uh I mean uh well like like like like like like like Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs several verbs several verbs several verbs several verbs verbs verbs verbs verbs verbs verbs several verbs several verbs can use classifiers or not, not, not, not, not, not, not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: MOSFET: MOSFET: MOSFET: MOSFET: MOSFET: MOSFET: uh like okay um uh okay as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have have have have have have have been um okay um you know I mean well well well well well well well more pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' Crusher' Crusher' Crusher' Crusher' Crusher' Crusher' okay um like like like okay than any other other other other other other other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, you you you you you you you know like well like um okay growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding severe flooding severe flooding severe flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding severe flooding severe flooding severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary tributary tributary tributary tributary tributary tributary rivers from July like okay well okay okay uh 18 to 21, 21, 21, 21, 21, 21, 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the the the the the the the University of well uh well um well um Abuja, Abuja, Abuja, Abuja, Abuja, Abuja, Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing at so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know I mean the the the the the the the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in in in in in in in the you know I mean I mean so so so so so so so so okay fourth season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in like like like like like like like like well um okay okay Indian economy in the the the the the the the globalisaton context was first of kind you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay um in the country. The book in in in in in in in this area is two okay uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um volumes published with the co operation operation operation operation operation operation operation of 25 you know so you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has she has she has she has has has has has has has she has she has she has a 'sturdy' build as said said said said said said said by her grandfather who like well I mean like um um um um um um um okay she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and and and and and and and so um I mean um uh like as the Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a although a although a although a although a although although although although although although although a although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a a a a a a a um so I mean okay okay uh borrowing borrowing borrowing borrowing borrowing borrowing borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is that that that that that that that um okay you know well well so Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this facing this facing this facing this this this this this this this facing this facing this facing this threat, Queen Min secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly requested military intervention uh well so like okay so from China's China's China's China's China's China's China's Qing dynasty, and after three days okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know the revolt was was was was was was was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield at Duxford is now home to a a a a a a a well um um like well I mean large number of remarkable and and and and and and and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was okay so so so so so so so okay like I mean like of national importance, as was was was was was was was Tuskegee Normal School for uh like like well um um um um um um um you know Colored Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend like like like like like like like so I mean like okay um the Toms River River River River River River River Regional Schools, a regional public okay like okay you you you you you you you know um I mean school system primarily in Toms Toms Toms Toms Toms Toms Toms River Township that um okay um I I I I I I I mean um uh also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well you know like like like like like like like the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the the the the the the the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee so so so so so so so like so you know um um the city and and and and and and and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became barber became barber became barber became barber became became became became became became became barber became barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club from the south of like like like like like like like um uh uh like okay Brazil to have won a a a a a a a national title - the so like like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1973 Torneio do Povo and to have competed in I I I I I I I mean uh um well you know like the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' 'identified' in so so uh you know um you know this this this this this this this sense -- in humans, there are believed to be like like like like like like like okay like so you know so none -- -- -- -- -- -- -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable okay okay um uh you know like to fans, due due due due due due due to the fact that Andrew like like like um um um um um um um like I mean Fletcher was unable to continue with with with with with with with the increasingly grueling like you know uh well um you you you you you you you know travel and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so okay you know so instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river river river river river river river you know well okay I mean like okay 67km 67km 67km 67km 67km 67km 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km like like like like like like like uh uh uh like uh southwest of Kadoma Kadoma Kadoma Kadoma Kadoma Kadoma Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra the sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra sutra the sutra the sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a a a a a a a difficult, strictly well okay so okay okay okay monastic monastic monastic monastic monastic monastic monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well um so was captain of the the the the the the the Enterprise in 1814 during two uh um I mean you you you you you you you know well you know voyages from Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the the the the the the the Lebanese okay you know you know I mean okay uh National National National National National National National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces um um like like like like like like like well um like Cross; the latter she got in in in in in in in 2012 after a bombing in I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson took you know so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 25 in 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 in 25 in 25 in 25 in 25 in 32 I I I I I I I mean well so so um okay Tests, and after his departure, departure, departure, departure, departure, departure, departure, Australia struggled to bowl out so uh so uh you you you you you you you know so their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a a a a a a a I mean um um okay you know okay former track track track track track track track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the future um um um um um um um I mean uh okay um like domestic airports in in in in in in in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape well like so so so so so so so um you know so attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county has has has has has has has a well you know I mean um well um um um um um um um total area of, of which is land and (1. 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 you 05 you 05 you 05 you 05 you 05 05 05 05 05 05 05 you 05 you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay %) is water. T he the the the the the the the the the the the the county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A 'A 'A 'A 'A 'A 'A Lesson um like well like like um in Love', which which which which which which which follows a young Hasidic couple um uh like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay who venture out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role uh well like like like like like like like okay so so and is considered an above - average average average average average average average skater he well like so you know um um um um um um um um also served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best the best the best the best the best the the the the the the the best the best strategy is also to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep a four - well okay you know uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of - a - kind and try to I I I I I I I mean you know okay well so okay throw throw throw throw throw throw throw a Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The well so um well well well well well well well um I mean player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, before leaving, before leaving, before leaving, before leaving, leaving, leaving, leaving, leaving, leaving, leaving, before leaving, before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone uh well well you know um you know that he he he he he he he will kill anyone who comes to find him before like like like like like like like okay uh well you know uh he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they they they they they they they like well um so so like were regrouping regrouping regrouping regrouping regrouping regrouping regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige you know know know know know know know I mean well I mean you know uh having chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance like like like like like like like um well like like like château, dates from the the the the the the the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling schooling and uh um okay um um I mean internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in in in in in in in I mean like so I mean uh okay Capones Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve as as as as as as as much well you know uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, Russian, Russian, Russian, Russian, Russian, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the the the the the the the richer merchants uh okay like uh so um and and and and and and and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so I mean of Naas' and and and and and and and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved clareification evolved clareification evolved clareification evolved clareification clareification clareification clareification clareification clareification clareification evolved clareification evolved clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s 1990s so um okay uh uh okay as a a a a a a a newsletter of the Union of Clare Students which was well well well well well well well uh you know you know okay so padded out with with with with with with with comedy articles, and gradually turned into like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well like a weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in in in in in in in calcium you know um you know uh so um cell signalling signalling signalling signalling signalling signalling signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 +, the well you know know know know know know know so um you know okay calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are two tones, High (H) and Low Low Low Low Low Low Low (L), well so okay like well you know and and and and and and and automatic downstep, where a H following a L is always always always always always always always you know like so okay um well pronounced on on on on on on on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in West so so so so so so so well well I mean I mean um Africa, which which which which which which which involved the pledge of a person ( okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like uh or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present a I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well like uh different different different different different different different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know well you know summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes the the the the the the the coyotes the coyotes the coyotes had been mutated by by by by by by by the FAYZ so I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well uh well that they are now more intelligent and can can can can can can can speak well you know um like okay well. They They They They They They They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for the the the the the the the Lightning so so okay you know so uh to to to to to to to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, okay well I I I I I I I mean so uh um which has since changed its its its its its its its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official uS official uS official uS official uS uS uS uS uS uS uS official uS official uS official historian Samuel Morison wrote in in in in in in in his 1949 like I mean like you know well uh account that that that that that that that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed well um um okay so so so so so so so so to report the sighting until after they had had had had had had had landed and I mean uh um okay you know well well well well well well well even had tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya Devanampriya insinuated so uh okay I mean uh uh were were were were were were were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did he did he did he did he did did did did did did did he did he did his schooling at Sherwood College, College, College, College, College, College, College, Nainital, okay okay like um you know uh before enrolling enrolling enrolling enrolling enrolling enrolling enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat the 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a a a a a a a okay well like uh um you know historical manuscript and and and and and and and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, um um um um um um um so uh uh okay uh 500 meals in Brenden's Brenden's Brenden's Brenden's Brenden's Brenden's Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the the the the the the the war of um you know so uh well like succession and and and and and and and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the so so um um um um um um um like uh um king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed he composed he composed he composed he composed he composed composed composed composed composed composed composed he composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the the the the the the the Sunday, the Sunday well okay okay so okay I I I I I I I mean before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you you you you you you you you know so uh well um I mean can knock knock knock knock knock knock knock when it's your turn with 7 uh well um um um um um um um like like well or less points, in lieu of of of of of of of drawing, and stop like so I mean well well well well well well well well like the current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London has gained the contract for route okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so so you know okay 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles like uh like so okay so included EE - - - - - - - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and and and and and and and so well well well well like Vice-Patriarch and at at at at at at at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; magazine; magazine; magazine; magazine; magazine; magazine; he had you know well okay I mean you you you you you you you know so a step - daughter, Kate, two two two two two two two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from I I I I I I I mean um I mean so I mean so the the the the the the the institute had collaborated with Laine on information by for his uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like well the book about about about about about about about the founder of the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts scripts scripts scripts scripts scripts scripts uh like well uh you know well tell of apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was was was was was was was the like I mean um uh you know um Attorney General General General General General General General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after an an an an an an an well I mean um okay um well Omaha Omaha Omaha Omaha Omaha Omaha Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager named Vivian you know like you know I mean so so so so so so so so Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to to to to to to to three I mean well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know well days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New so I I I I I I I mean you know so you know so York York York York York York York Telephone before he was elected to the New okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like so you know York State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 uh um so um okay uh Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line line line line line line line well uh I mean well okay well with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard bernard bernard bernard bernard bernard bernard Hunt bernard Hunt bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke Locke Locke Locke Locke Locke Locke led the qualifiers at 137; well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you know the qualifying score was 149 149 149 149 149 149 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation for you know um I mean um you know I I I I I I I mean seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody antibody antibody antibody antibody antibody antibody tests I mean like I mean well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know okay like like that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the um um um um um um um um like um I mean well Glasgow and South Western Western Western Western Western Western Western Railway, but other companies like like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well made little use of it; however the general goods okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know well uh terminal at College became became became became became became became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute the mute the mute the mute the mute the the the the the the the mute the mute throws down a rope to allow him him him him him him him um I mean you know you know so like like like like like like like to escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite in in in in in in in you know uh um like uh okay the live live live live live live live set - we shot the video uh like well well well well well well well like like like last week and invited a bunch of of of of of of of our friends and like well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so fans down to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW ICW ICW ICW ICW ICW ICW the ICW the ICW the ICW - ATC became became became became became became became the 'India China Division ATC' like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh you know (ICD - ATC), while while while while while while while the Eastern Sector, carrying out uh um you know know know know know know know you know so so the Hump operation, was redesignated redesignated redesignated redesignated redesignated redesignated redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international relations uh you you you you you you you know well um well um and is attributed for introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Ryle, like like like like like like like so okay you know like uh without the inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which stoked controversy and and and and and and and so um okay I mean well um was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª 3ª - you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years years years years years years years okay okay uh um um you know later After After After After After After After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's I mean um um um um um um um um I mean so you know Who (Ibid) and spent spent spent spent spent spent spent the rest of his ministry well so well okay I I I I I I I mean so there, amongst other achievements translating The The The The The The The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to to to to to to to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Conley, so well well like okay okay who had had had had had had had gotten into foul trouble, during his 13 minutes you you you you you you you know uh uh uh you know you know of of of of of of of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died um um um um um um um like okay okay uh uh 15 March 1950) was was was was was was was an American professional pool player, a okay uh like so so so so so so so okay um twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed well well well well well well well I mean I mean you know you know well by by by by by by by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch Branch Branch Branch Branch Branch Branch and uh uh uh you know uh um the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the the the the the the the NIST like um um um um you know standard standard standard standard standard standard standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived derived derived derived derived derived derived from um well well so uh uh an an an an an an an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at so so like like like like like like like uh I mean uh least one - OH OH OH OH OH OH OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has it has it has it has it it it it it it it has it has it has been designated as a a a a a a a Site of Special you know um um well like like like like like like like um Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know well well is the the the the the the the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those so so so so so so so so I mean like like uh that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October on October on October on October on October on on on on on on on October on October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC as um like I mean uh well so a studio studio studio studio studio studio studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem seem seem seem seem seem seem malevolent towards like I mean like uh uh uh everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance on 30 November um I mean you you you you you you you know like I mean okay 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises the premises the premises the premises premises premises premises premises premises premises the premises the premises the premises were rebuilt and and and and and and and integrated in 1910 - 20 okay like uh so I I I I I I I mean uh to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications on on on on on on on um so like uh you know so behalf of the CILIP CILIP CILIP CILIP CILIP CILIP CILIP who assumed the ownership of the title so so so so so so so um so you know I mean well in 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on on on on on on on okay um well uh like you know the FX network as as as as as as as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know I mean a silver medal medal medal medal medal medal medal at the Pan American Games like well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um in Mar del Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest largest largest largest largest largest largest well well so you know well okay company by by by by by by by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other other other other other other other like um well so I mean so product in in in in in in in the roofing market, so it is fitting well well like like like like like like like you know uh well that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication fabrication you know you know I mean you know like like like like like like like I mean (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, okay well so I mean you know know know know know know know I mean often confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean so well and refers refers refers refers refers refers refers to the spears (there is a better, liturgical well well well well well well well I mean you know like I mean um word) word) word) word) word) word) word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway Norway Norway Norway Norway Norway Norway I mean uh uh okay um you know and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had a half - sister and three half - - - - - - - you know you know um I mean so like brothers brothers brothers brothers brothers brothers brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 U U U U U U U like so well okay like well. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily involved I mean so well you know okay you you you you you you you know with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the after the after the Partition of India, the family migrated migrated migrated migrated migrated migrated migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an an an an an an an so so okay so well well American actor best best best best best best best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical family in in in in in in in you know you know uh so well you know Pre-Partition India India India India India India India as the youngest of the three children children children children children children children you know um um um okay um of famed singer / / / / / / / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial serial serial serial serial serial serial killer and I mean okay um well well so so so so so so so cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was levi was levi was levi was was was was was was was levi was levi was levi was elected as a a a a a a a Fellow of the I mean you know um you you you you you you you know like you know American Academy of Arts and and and and and and and Sciences in 2001 so so like okay so I I I I I I I mean and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his you you you you you you you know um I mean well uh uh honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 at 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 at 14 at 14 she joined the adult movie before before before before before before before that you know uh well okay like okay she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track the track the track the track the track track track track track track track the track the track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English English English English English English English musician and former like you know um okay uh you you you you you you you know Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson Atkinson Atkinson Atkinson Atkinson Atkinson Atkinson of uh so well like okay okay Newcastle and and and and and and and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know okay like later changed changed changed changed changed changed changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication communication communication communication communication communication communication okay uh um you know I mean so is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay you know I mean the premiere of a a a a a a a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge! ', based on the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming coming coming coming coming coming coming from well so I mean okay okay okay all around the the the the the the the world though the vast majority are Arab so like um um um um um um um you know I mean well / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every every every every every every every like well I mean like so I mean one one one one one one one who gets into school, going from grade 1 - - - - - - - well okay okay uh well I mean 7 with students then then then then then then then expected to pass the exams set okay okay well okay like like like like like like like uh by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like I mean so was was was was was was was marked for life by the horrors of the well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so like Revolution when in 1793 the the the the the the the city's royalist revolt against the authority okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six six six six six six six in men's so like like like well I mean events events events events events events events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, college, college, college, college, college, college, so uh okay uh um I mean until his retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded he founded he founded he founded he founded founded founded founded founded founded founded he founded he founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha Sabha Sabha Sabha Sabha Sabha Sabha in 1952, which uh well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by by by by by by by Whitney uh so um okay well you know know know know know know know Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean well I mean launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can this can this can this can this can can can can can can can this can this can be shown dramatically when a molecule I I I I I I I mean like um um so well is adsorbed on a a a a a a a surface - the STM image may well so um so so so so so so so uh um appear to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height height height height height height height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and many many many many many many many you know you know you know so okay so of of of of of of of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage uh well well well well well well well so so I mean you know the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- so well so so so so so so so so okay so 9 April 1914) was an an an an an an an Australian politician who was a okay I mean uh well well well well well well well well I mean member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar similar similar similar similar similar similar uh um like um okay okay to that of of of of of of of Jan Be, who is also okay uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so known for his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt to okay like uh uh I mean uh become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride the nitride the nitride the nitride the the the the the the the nitride the nitride the nitride ion (N 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 −) is isoelectronic with the okay well uh so I I I I I I I mean um oxide anion, O 2 −, and and and and and and and the fluoride well um like like so okay anion, F F F F F F F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 1369 like I mean you know um okay uh Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry um um um um um um um like I mean okay uh well of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, in 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, in 1990, in 1990, John Cofran, using census records, records, records, records, records, records, records, said that well like like so I mean so so so so so so so she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, well well well well well well well so um um um uh Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave johnson gave johnson gave johnson gave johnson gave gave gave gave gave gave gave johnson gave johnson gave birth to her second child, a okay I I I I I I I mean uh okay um I mean girl, in May May May May May May May 2007, whom she named Clover, and like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know I mean announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh so so of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation separation separation separation separation separation separation from like okay uh I mean um well the the the the the the the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation from um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know Samsara, the cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular notion of black clothing is likely likely likely likely likely likely likely rooted uh I mean well well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed showed showed showed showed showed showed them dressed uh well um um uh okay in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first his first his first his first his his his his his his his first his first his first action was to move against against against against against against against the barbarian okay like I mean like you know know know know know know know okay tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his his his his his his his Eastern like well so so uh so campaign, campaign, campaign, campaign, campaign, campaign, campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote he wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote he wrote he wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays plays plays plays plays plays plays and well um okay um okay well some prose. Many Many Many Many Many Many Many og the writings were of high quality so um um um um um um um um well uh so and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used at Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney World's okay uh you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades parades parades parades parades parades parades I mean so um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician musician musician musician musician musician musician of um um uh well I mean like Commodore Commodore Commodore Commodore Commodore Commodore Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is um well well well well well well well okay you know well uh shown to be a weak, weak, weak, weak, weak, weak, weak, shy, and lonely boy so um um uh um so so so so so so so when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, Croiset, um you know uh I mean okay I I I I I I I mean a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, you you you you you you you know um I mean okay like um was was was was was was was brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, so um um um um um um um uh like well so his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in its own own own own own own own I mean okay um like well I mean right begins begins begins begins begins begins begins in the 6th century BC with the you know know know know know know know uh like like okay okay Pythagoreans, who coined coined coined coined coined coined coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were rumours of a few scenes of love between between between between between between between uh uh uh I mean you know so Alauddin and Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini Padmini in this film, which led to protests you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San San San San San San San Juan uh like I mean like so well Hill began began began began began began began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly won uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay okay well position on the summit, summit, summit, summit, summit, summit, summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served as Master of Roxbury High School from from from from from from from 1919 um like like you know like okay to 1924 1924 1924 1924 1924 1924 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, head of of of of of of of you know you know um okay I mean uh department from 1926 1926 1926 1926 1926 1926 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple simple simple simple simple simple simple turn based strategy um well well uh um um um um um um um you know game where the player (s) take the role of of of of of of of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and you you you you you you you know like um so um okay civilian police force founded founded founded founded founded founded founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel um okay so like like like like like like like so you know II of Spain after the First Carlist War to to to to to to to I mean um um so uh um assure the the the the the the the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally like um um um um um um um like uh like I mean laid down their arms and received received received received received received received monetary compensation from the you know so I mean um um um um um um um okay well government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move so so so so so so so well uh like well you know to Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay ended well well well well well well well I mean well I mean uh so his contract contract contract contract contract contract contract with the Belgian club at the end of so so so so so so so I mean um so so I mean January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with with with with with with with okay like well you know uh okay the 106th Observation Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron Squadron of the Alabama National guard which I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know uh okay uh had been founded as the the the the the the the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving after serving after serving after serving after serving serving serving serving serving serving serving after serving after serving a tour in the U U U U U U U. S. Army, well um okay well uh I mean he he he he he he he returned to New York in 1953 and started well well well well well well well okay uh so like like writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, reason, reason, reason, reason, reason, reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' is 'Someday' 'Someday' 'Someday' 'Someday' 'Someday' 'Someday' 'Someday' is 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like Nickelback, released by Nickelback in in in in in in in August 2003 um I mean uh like you know well well well well well well well as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard heard heard heard heard heard heard uh okay well okay you know uh of it, it, it, it, it, it, it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh you know than a duel and so beat beat beat beat beat beat beat him senseless on um well like um uh well the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being called called called called called called called um um I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I mean Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X Division Division Division Division Division Division Division you know I mean okay well like um stars stars stars stars stars stars stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay um leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and served served served served served served served as so okay well you know um you know know know know know know know the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the well well well well well well well okay okay like um well end of the period period period period period period period of secondary education and students who qualify you know you know know know know know know know I mean well so you know are allowed to pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim like okay like you know like you know Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican member of I mean okay I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know established as a registered society society society society society society society in 1986 by the well um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like Ministry of Railways of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table table table table table table table - top size so well like uh you know um um um um um um um which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods of of of of of of of uh um you know so uh okay time and elements elements elements elements elements elements elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure Epicure well well uh you know so okay Culinary Festival in in in in in in in Zürich and in June 2014, he well I mean well well well well well well well okay um uh took part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' if if if if if if if the song well so uh um you know I mean is is is is is is is notably about Portland, although the song may I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean you know I mean additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this list I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know well um does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He He He He He He He graduating um like I mean I mean well like like like like like like like in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples okay like like like like like like like well like you know you know in them that have have have have have have have not been cleared, however there okay you know like like like like like like like well uh uh is generally no legal recourse recourse recourse recourse recourse recourse recourse because the mixtape is okay okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that created so so so so so so so so so you know like so the new FM all - sports format format format format format format format like so uh you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and had success against WGR - 550 AM AM AM AM AM AM AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a better understanding we have to realise realise realise realise realise realise realise that well you know you know um so um until until until until until until until the mid 20th century houses were heated by by by by by by by open um so well well like I mean fires fires fires fires fires fires fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of so so so so so so so like I mean uh um you know isolation isolation isolation isolation isolation isolation isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving moving moving moving moving moving moving on you know I mean like like like like like like like I mean like okay to Fangor, before joining the American team team team team team team team 7 - Eleven like so well you know um you you you you you you you know and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's Valley's Valley's Valley's Valley's Valley's Valley's first so um okay okay okay okay semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well you know V available with either either either either either either either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - um um um um um um um so well uh okay so litre engines, and it had a more more more more more more more streamlined appearance than well like like well you know you know know know know know know know pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used used used used used used used like uh like I mean okay uh to go go go go go go go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the ultimate high high high high high high high um uh um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh try their hands at a ouija board, they don't don't don't don't don't don't don't okay I mean well like um well realize at first first first first first first first that they have summonned a jinn, um okay well well well well well well well you know I mean so who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um uh so was his post-match courtesy to the the the the the the the fans; after each um like um so um so match, match, match, match, match, match, match, he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are two moolavars.
With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the the the the the the the okay well um you know uh so IRA no no no no no no no longer had a Chief of Staff, there was I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well so I mean no longer a a a a a a a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay I mean okay there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse the spouse the spouse the spouse the the the the the the the spouse the spouse the spouse of a jonkheer is not named named named named named named named jonkvrouw but I mean well um well well okay 'Madam', 'Madam', 'Madam', 'Madam', 'Madam', 'Madam', 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with (with (with (with (with (with (with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write I I I I I I I mean I mean well like okay okay religious verses, verses, verses, verses, verses, verses, verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know like did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like I mean um academics, was that that that that that that that the material was pulled up from like so so um you you you you you you you know you know the offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at at at at at at at a temple I mean like you know so I I I I I I I mean you know in south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact in fact in fact in fact in in in in in in in fact in fact in fact few villagers would step step step step step step step out of you know well um I mean you you you you you you you know uh their houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that that that that that that that so like okay so I mean so it would bang down down down down down down down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original original original original original original original uh okay so so you know you know member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after Homer was told of his existence existence existence existence existence existence existence and sought okay I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well out and found him; he lost his entire fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune fortune well okay um uh I mean well and became a a a a a a a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess later forgave him for taking her to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like so uh the dragon, but the the the the the the the memory of tying her so um um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to the stake, awaiting death with her eyes um um um um um um um well um I mean I mean like open and dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, still sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End End End End End End End of uh so like like I mean well the the the the the the the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig gareth Craig gareth Craig Snell (born 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 January 1986) is a um uh uh uh well well British British British British British British British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like of Parliament (MP) (MP) (MP) (MP) (MP) (MP) (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at at at at at at at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread okay so so so so so so so okay well you know uh thin into various states, states, states, states, states, states, states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain obtain obtain obtain obtain obtain obtain I mean you know so I mean you know well the the the the the the the information from his mother but she never recognises recognises recognises recognises recognises recognises recognises you know um uh well like I mean him him him him him him him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest so so so so so so so um okay uh well you know in the mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where where where where where where where so well like you know you know okay once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and and and and and and and Stevens met uh well like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the well well well well well well well um you know well well well world, they do not not not not not not not show much; in a Christmas special you know I I I I I I I mean um I mean so I mean Pinky even wrote to to to to to to to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and and and and and and and okay so well so um well John Olsen had had had had had had had successfully challenged Dean Brown um okay you know um I I I I I I I mean like for the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had had had had had had had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so um hag year the second outing outing outing outing outing outing outing of Eight Women was far more I mean I I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh I mean successful as as as as as as as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um you know you know in in in in in in in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh you know so leaders and and and and and and and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, photographer, photographer, photographer, photographer, photographer, photographer, well like okay like um like painter, and and and and and and and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap you you you you you you you know you know so okay I mean okay opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the only BMT Broadway service that does does does does does does does I mean okay well well okay um not stop here, here, here, here, here, here, here, since it bypasses using the center express tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks tracks on okay uh like you know okay uh its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the at the at the at the at the the the the the the the at the at the start of the War of of of of of of of Spanish Succession Portugal okay you know like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village the village the village the village the village village village village village village village the village the village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Miners Arms, The well well um I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working Men's Men's Men's Men's Men's Men's Men's Clubs um okay uh okay you know okay one one one one one one one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the uh I I I I I I I mean so uh like um city of Palmerston North about about about about about about about 20 km west of you know like okay well well well well well well well so like it, passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to to to to to to to collapse, and okay um you know uh you know know know know know know know well immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of of of of of of of the so you know uh so okay like intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers -- -- -- -- -- -- -- uh like like uh uh okay these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south south south south south south south coast, you know uh so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean um California California California California California California California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came into so so so so so so so um you know okay um you know the Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are there are several amenities in the the the the the the the village such as the um I mean so well um I I I I I I I mean local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in you know know know know know know know okay you know um I mean you know St. Albert, Alberta) is is is is is is is a Canadian professional ice hockey you know like okay you you you you you you you know well uh defenceman who made his debut in the the the the the the the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as as as as as as as 'Americans', like um like okay like well a a a a a a a term deriving from 'America'; in the I mean like you you you you you you you know so you know uh English context, it came to refer refer refer refer refer refer refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know like be done done done done done done done in private, but the pagan priests said well well well well well well well well like okay you know um it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is okay well you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh an American former Major League Baseball second baseman who who who who who who who played in I mean uh um okay okay um two two two two two two two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh I mean the goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, goo, and Francine blames Stan, until they realize okay um um um um um um um I mean you know well I mean that 'Steve', 'Steve', 'Steve', 'Steve', 'Steve', 'Steve', 'Steve', who was missing, put them in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um you know you know goo goo goo goo goo goo goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities as as as as as as as uh well um well so um the Jardín Botánico, which which which which which which which has been claimed as Asia's uh I mean so like I I I I I I I mean you know first botanical garden, although it was was was was was was was predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and track track track track track track track like um uh okay you know so & field; field; field; field; field; field; field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at um you you you you you you you know so you know uh so UFC 109 by unanimous unanimous unanimous unanimous unanimous unanimous unanimous decision with all three judges scoring okay uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the during the during the during the during during during during during during during the during the during the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for for for for for for for artists from like you know um like well like like like like like like like Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an an an an an an an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, England, England, England, England, England, England, died like like um so you know uh February February February February February February February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock drummer um um um um um um um I mean well well uh uh and session musician, best best best best best best best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers the the the the the the the Panthers the Panthers the Panthers went 1 - 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, winning only their opener, thus setting well I mean so so so so so so so uh so like the record for most consecutive losses losses losses losses losses losses losses during a single um you know um uh like like like like like like like um season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Studies I mean um okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been been been been been been been at uh I mean you know well I mean well well well well well well well the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving upon moving upon moving upon moving upon upon upon upon upon upon upon moving upon moving upon moving to New York City in 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 from Nashville, Jim uh so so well um uh found found found found found found found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six the six the six the six the the the the the the the six the six the six aircraft crew were Spanish employees employees employees employees employees employees employees of Airbus Defence okay okay uh okay like like like like like like like I mean and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua joshua joshua joshua joshua joshua joshua Givens, joshua Givens, joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected of well uh okay uh like um being dishonest, and and and and and and and was accused of forcing some to sign and and and and and and and uh like uh okay you know uh tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' Loom,' Loom,' Loom,' Loom,' Loom,' Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's um so so so so so so so like you know well like no need for for for for for for for electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone um um um um um um um uh okay okay I mean like (SASZ), among the most most most most most most most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United States okay like like like like like like like like I mean you know uh and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um 5 December 1991) 1991) 1991) 1991) 1991) 1991) 1991) was a German naval officer during World okay um you you you you you you you know okay like I mean War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh like so tracks, 'Sodom & G' G' G' G' G' G' G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' so okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, um okay so okay uh I mean 2017, featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no no no no no no no I mean um you know um you know well well well well well well well life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where well so so so so so so so well okay well um she spent a number of months months months months months months months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another another another another another another another team that you know I mean okay uh uh okay lost, lost, lost, lost, lost, lost, lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the council in you know know know know know know know um uh uh so so 1801 due to poor poor poor poor poor poor poor health and died at Round I mean I mean so so so so so so so um uh uh Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney ben Finney ben Finney ben Finney ben Finney Finney Finney Finney Finney Finney Finney ben Finney ben Finney built a 40 - foot foot foot foot foot foot foot replica so okay um you know so okay of of of of of of of a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a a a a a a a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory okay so so so so so so so um okay um you know and editorial board board board board board board board for the database and its network of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, Court, like well you know so okay uh a Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats ringside seats ringside seats ringside seats ringside seats seats seats seats seats seats seats ringside seats ringside seats were $ 150, each man man man man man man man was guaranteed 2 um you know so I I I I I I I mean like you know. 5 million dollars, in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition to so uh uh I mean I mean well the the the the the the the millions who watched on closed - circuit so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so screens around the world the Garden Garden Garden Garden Garden Garden Garden was packed with so you know like you know you you you you you you you know uh a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd like well you know I mean okay so so so so so so so team title in 24 years despite the fact that no no no no no no no well uh so I mean you know so senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained well well well well well well well so uh um I mean I mean in English English English English English English English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from from from from from from from um okay well um I mean well onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in philology and and and and and and and um I mean uh well you know well literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with I I I I I I I mean so you know uh uh I mean I - 84; 84; 84; 84; 84; 84; 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street like I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean in downtown Boise, where I I I I I I I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his his his his his his his home town I mean like um okay so I mean and, and, and, and, and, and, and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to so so so so so so so like uh uh okay well TCL for mobile phones phones phones phones phones phones phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding to the like well okay so you know you you you you you you you know five forms of entry, And there is a sixth sixth sixth sixth sixth sixth sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous um so so so so so so so uh like I mean like work, ', in which he he he he he he he argued that the you know uh well so so you know know know know know know know cockfight served as a pastiche of wider Balinese society society society society society society society well um um well okay well from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of New I I I I I I I mean uh like well okay um Mexico; married Jacklyn; and and and and and and and adopted 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still he still he still he still he still still still still still still still he still he still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - - - - - - - Life uh like so well I mean well 2', 2', 2', 2', 2', 2', 2', an amputated part of it exists as an unused unused unused unused unused unused unused like like okay well okay like model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first first first first first first first professor I mean uh um okay um uh of preventive preventive preventive preventive preventive preventive preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania (WMC), (WMC), (WMC), (WMC), (WMC), (WMC), (WMC), I mean well um okay uh like and served as as as as as as as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige megan Paige megan Paige megan Paige megan Paige Paige Paige Paige Paige Paige Paige megan Paige megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the the the the the the the Rochester Police like okay well well like um um um um um um um Department who is assigned to investigate the murder of a young young young young young young young so so so um you know so girl named named named named named named named Carla Castillo, whose body is found in in in in in in in I mean uh you know so uh you know the nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells philip tells philip tells philip tells philip philip philip philip philip philip philip tells philip tells philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to to to to to to to Kingsbridge you know so so um um you you you you you you you know Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four featured a version called Doc Ock okay like like like like like like like you know so uh um Holliday who lived in a Western Western Western Western Western Western Western dimension did away with so like okay um okay you you you you you you you know the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; Sheriff; Sheriff; Sheriff; Sheriff; Sheriff; Sheriff; what nobody well you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, depressed by the failure of of of of of of of his drug rehabilitation I mean you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh program and after finding out that that that that that that that he had you know so I mean um um um um um um um um you know only a few months left to live, he he he he he he he committed you know um well well so um suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from from from from from from from I mean so so like well uh a presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric so you know know know know know know know um you know so well oxide molecule can diffuse diffuse diffuse diffuse diffuse diffuse diffuse all over and can thereby like like you you you you you you you know like uh so act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay you know was quite normal for a a a a a a a fighter - sized target) and the um well you know know know know know know know uh you know well loss rate remained high, with peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that that that that that that that on um so okay okay so I mean midnight, that that that that that that that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak - otak - otak - otak otak otak otak otak otak otak - otak - otak - otak is made by mixing fish fish fish fish fish fish fish paste like I mean okay um well so (usually (usually (usually (usually (usually (usually (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order Order Order Order Order Order Order I mean like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Casey uh uh you know you know uh you know know know know know know know and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo so so so so so so so um um okay you know uh album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse the the the the the the the Traverse the Traverse the Traverse City Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior High was built in the okay so like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied by by by by by by by several okay I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus bus bus bus bus bus bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February on February on February on February February February February February February February on February on February on February 22, 2016, the series series series series series series series was picked up you know so so um you you you you you you you know I mean for an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to to to to to to to you know well uh like um you know improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi like I mean uh I mean uh well Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is located in the growing south side of the I I I I I I I mean well like okay uh uh city, at the southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, canal, canal, canal, canal, canal, canal, wall or other so um like you know know know know know know know I mean um obstacle the tank would stop and the the the the the the the rockets well so like uh um like fired causing causing causing causing causing causing causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of like like like like like like like um so I mean uh you know 22 acres that that that that that that that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know by the Simpsons in in in in in in in 1891 and sold to Sophia I mean well I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats it eats it eats it eats it it it it it it it eats it eats it eats leaves, herbs, twigs twigs twigs twigs twigs twigs twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and like like like like like like like so so I mean well um services were crowded out out out out out out out and became non-competitive on world well I mean I I I I I I I mean um uh uh markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old um uh you you you you you you you know I mean okay well friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns warns warns warns warns warns warns ranga to leave the you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the the the the the the the opposing uh okay okay uh so um oxide surface surface surface surface surface surface surface layer and cause damage to the underlying bulk I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay like uh well material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled well well well well well well well okay well okay um okay in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook is also a slang term for a a a a a a a criminal I mean you know um you know know know know know know know okay um or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married nisbet nisbet nisbet nisbet nisbet nisbet nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married nisbet married Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay I mean in London on 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 April 1899, following a longer so okay like like I I I I I I I mean um term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big the Big the Big the Big Big Big Big Big Big Big the Big the Big the Big Mound Key Key Key Key Key Key Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is a I I I I I I I mean like well so um I mean U. S. National National National National National National National Historic Landmark (designated as such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to prevent prevent prevent prevent prevent prevent prevent balloons, so so um I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the end end end end end end end well um well well I mean you know of of of of of of of a defined track on a playing field which consists you you you you you you you know like well well so like of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being rocky or or or or or or or sandy okay um you know uh so um and the the the the the the the football team found it difficult to schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule home games you know so well I mean um well as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know um find', and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all like like like like like like like okay so like uh uh over Serbia, whose infantry infantry infantry infantry infantry infantry infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and and and and and and and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon uh um you know uh okay you know & & & & & & & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, 'according to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh like I mean her Harvard Library biographer,' biographer,' biographer,' biographer,' biographer,' biographer,' biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though though though though though though though in older uh so like I mean so you you you you you you you know tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn Rassam ibn Rassam ibn Rassam is widely known to have have have have have have have invented the techniques I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, high, high, high, high, high, high, uh uh like like uh you know with an an an an an an an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in uh I I I I I I I mean okay like okay so the years 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left left left left left left left Shanghai soon like okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played college football at the University of Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami I mean well I mean well I mean so so so so so so so and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks and and and and and and and uh well you know um so uh adorned with with with with with with with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main main main main main main main like I mean you know I mean um you you you you you you you know presenters on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, programme, programme, programme, programme, programme, programme, Newsnighthe joined uh okay so I mean like like like like like like like uh the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- you know like you know okay uh well well well well well well well 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with a you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and released on cassette in 1986 with additional like like like like like like like so you know okay I mean um tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells she tells she tells she tells she tells she she she she she she she tells she tells him that the IRA tried and convicted you know know know know know know know um um you know so well him in absentia, and she she she she she she she forces him to you know I mean like I I I I I I I mean um uh agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties you you you you you you you know you know like uh um so (FDTL), a political political political political political political political party, since 1994, and he briefly uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh okay um Behind Me Satan' in in in in in in in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 before I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so I mean okay announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow was you know okay uh like well so not not not not not not not reinstated in the Second Division and they played okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh well okay in the amateur Third division, division, division, division, division, division, division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful function can can can can can can can now okay like um well well um be seen to to to to to to to be carrying out these latter two well well so so so so so so so okay like okay evolutionary functions and can lead us to to to to to to to ask new kinds you know um well okay uh so of questions questions questions questions questions questions questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in okay you you you you you you you know I mean so like well 2007 Reforma, Sept Sept Sept Sept Sept Sept Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, uh um like so so so so so so so um okay Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved to be applied okay okay well so um I I I I I I I mean to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in debuting in debuting in debuting in debuting in in in in in in in debuting in debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has has has has has has has well so you know so well okay made over over over over over over over 8000 runs in his career yet has failed so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um okay to catch the eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia (Patrick McCaughey, um I mean well you know um like The The The The The The The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second tube was in lifted into place 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 you know uh uh okay um well January 1850, a a a a a a a single line was open to public traffic through so so so so so so so you know like um uh well these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was was was was was was was so um so so so well part of various bands bands bands bands bands bands bands until deciding to uh okay okay you know I I I I I I I mean you know go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean okay okay school school school school school school school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in in in in in in in Queensland, Australia, so okay so okay okay I mean northwest of of of of of of of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer the soccer the soccer the soccer the the the the the the the soccer the soccer the soccer team is class D D D D D D D in the Maine you know um so okay like like like like like like like like Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with with with with with with with like you know you know okay well um wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have criticized the game for not allowing the player player player player player player player I mean um like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this well um um um um um um um uh you know you know you know choice by by by by by by by saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout so so so so so so so so uh you know okay I mean the game do do do do do do do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often often often often often often often involve romance like uh well you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair semi-permanent hair semi-permanent hair semi-permanent hair semi-permanent hair hair hair hair hair hair hair semi-permanent hair semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than well well well well well well well so well um okay um temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism journalism journalism journalism journalism journalism journalism and fictional okay I mean you know okay well well well well well well well okay prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing doing doing doing doing doing doing excavations in well so um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls you know so okay okay well well and other other other other other other other objects including statues, this being an indication well like like like like like like like like um you know so that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she attended well well well well well well well um um well so I mean the association's association's association's association's association's association's association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists so so so so so so so okay uh I mean you know I mean of of of of of of of seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people people people people people people people I mean I mean so so you know so whose members members members members members members members identify with each other through a common heritage, heritage, heritage, heritage, heritage, heritage, heritage, consisting well well okay I mean so um um um um um um um of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the the the the the the the end like so I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of the 2010 season, with ten, including best best best best best best best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions millions millions millions millions millions millions of um well I mean well well okay people people people people people people people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat you know know know know know know know okay like um uh you know - al - Masih Masih Masih Masih Masih Masih Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning to normal his chest did not fully fully fully fully fully fully fully I mean like you know okay like um recover and and and and and and and some parts of it remained icy, he was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well you know uh unable to return return return return return return return them to normal, he became you know you know you you you you you you you know okay so um afraid of it and it it it it it it it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating so well well well well well well well I mean um so um pattern in space, but but but but but but but remain unchanged with respect to time; uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh well okay um time crystals repeat themselves in in in in in in in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a after a after a after a after after after after after after after a after a after a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship with so so okay you know I mean like like like like like like like numerous academic papers and is probably best known for for for for for for for his widely okay I mean you know uh well well well well well well well um cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so like so in the league, VfB VfB VfB VfB VfB VfB VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um uh from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson michael Jackson michael Jackson michael Jackson michael michael michael michael michael michael michael Jackson michael Jackson michael Jackson attempted to use the brand brand brand brand brand brand brand 'Dangerous' on you know like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh items of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but but but but but but but was unsuccessful in um okay you know okay like like like like like like like uh doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, Harris Academy's former like I mean okay you know know know know know know know you know like Perth Road building was lit on on on on on on on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for for for for for for for his okay you know uh okay so like work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is is is is is is is an Egyptian - born um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean writer, currently distinguished professor at the the the the the the the Graduate Center of City I mean okay you you you you you you you know uh so you know University of New York, York, York, York, York, York, York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is hudgins is is is is is is is hudgins is hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship Fellowship Fellowship Fellowship Fellowship Fellowship Fellowship of so so okay uh okay uh Southern Writers, a a a a a a a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, uh okay uh like like um and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his like like like like like like like I mean okay uh well well student and transplantes transplantes transplantes transplantes transplantes transplantes transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd the pwd the pwd the pwd the the the the the the the pwd the pwd the pwd command (print working directory) directory) directory) directory) directory) directory) directory) is used to okay uh uh so uh uh print print print print print print print the name of current working directory, if the shell well well well well well well well like uh okay so like prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to to according to according to the C++ specification, it returns a reference reference reference reference reference reference reference well like um uh okay so to typeinfo, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, many compilers will not well I mean I I I I I I I mean okay well like let you assign thsi return return return return return return return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense the AdSense the AdSense the AdSense AdSense AdSense AdSense AdSense AdSense AdSense the AdSense the AdSense the AdSense name was originally used by by by by by by by Applied Semantics, like okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean a competitive offering to AdSense and and and and and and and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio this Sitio this Sitio this Sitio this Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio Sitio this Sitio this Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some in some in some in some in some in in in in in in in some in some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters letters letters letters letters letters letters so like well um like well RSVP, instead of standing standing standing standing standing standing standing for regrets' répondez s'il you know okay so okay um um um um um um um I mean vous plaît', are there to reassure the invitee invitee invitee invitee invitee invitee invitee that there would be so I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same same same same same same same meaning as well I mean okay okay so like like like like like like like explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district district district district district district district ( um uh okay okay well you know 'zila / / / / / / / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association the Association the Association the Association the Association Association Association Association Association Association Association the Association the Association for the Protection of of of of of of of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), is an like so like um um um um um um um well okay initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals back back back back back back back okay okay so so like so in march 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage! ', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August so so so so so so so um okay um I mean uh 1981) was an Irish republican republican republican republican republican republican republican hunger striker and a volunteer you know like well you you you you you you you know like I mean in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho um you you you you you you you know um um okay uh defeated Apollo Crews to qualify qualify qualify qualify qualify qualify qualify for the Money in like um well you know know know know know know know so you know the Bank ladder match at the Money Money Money Money Money Money Money in the like uh I mean you know okay um um um um um um um Bank pay - per - view, where uh so well you you you you you you you know uh I mean Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York emerged from the war as the leading you know know know know know know know like you know I mean uh like city of of of of of of of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy you know know know know know know know you know so uh like like and, in 1951, the United United United United United United United Nations relocated from its like so like so so so so so so so you know well first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis basis basis basis basis basis basis of uh like I mean like like uh their personal appeal and and and and and and and also those candidates who well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh are sidelined by party political rivals within party party party party party party party but confident you know okay uh well I mean okay to to to to to to to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently i'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know okay so still in secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have romanians have romanians have romanians have romanians have have have have have have have romanians have romanians have one, two or more given names, e e e e e e e. G so so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well. Ana Cristina ana Cristina ana Cristina ana Cristina ana Cristina Cristina Cristina Cristina Cristina Cristina Cristina ana Cristina ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - you know know know know know know know uh I mean okay like so rise buildings within Midtown Midtown Midtown Midtown Midtown Midtown Midtown Manhattan, would be situated okay well uh well well well well well well well I mean well ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex Essex and so you know well like you know um her her her her her her her love of acting began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, Mason, although Reggie Mantle you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like um is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to to to to to to to new allies I mean like um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan for invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion invasion I mean like uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research video Research video Research video Research video Research Research Research Research Research Research Research video Research video Research Ltd. Is one one one one one one one of the more reliable firms, you know uh well well well well well well well well so well and more television networks, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' 'Thuban' 'Thuban' 'Thuban' 'Thuban' 'Thuban' 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' uSS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an I I I I I I I mean okay I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', 'Thuban', 'Thuban', 'Thuban', 'Thuban', 'Thuban', 'Thuban', so you know so I mean like okay the the the the the the the primary star in the constellation Draco, which was like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean I mean at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, well well uh well well I mean villagers throw stones stones stones stones stones stones stones at Marie's carriage, and she you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes you know know know know know know know uh uh okay well I mean DIY services, such as constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the Central American zone, all seven teams from from from from from from from the okay um um okay um uh Central American American American American American American American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, so okay okay so so so so so so so well like and they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain um um I mean so so well and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts okay so um okay uh well performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also also also also also also also known as you know okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or or or or or or or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the the the the the the the uh well you know you know uh you know know know know know know know Man in Grey for being considerate and he leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April April April April April April April 1942, so um um I mean uh like with with with with with with with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the the the the the the the like so um like I mean um scanning scanning scanning scanning scanning scanning scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the uh uh you you you you you you you know um well I mean position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um um Epsilon Fraternity He persuaded UNC to to to to to to to build the stadium like uh like uh well well well well well well well well as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an Armenian state state state state state state state like like okay uh well uh in eastern Anatolia, removing removing removing removing removing removing removing Turkish troops from the Straits area, Turkish so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um like abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is is is is is is is an ongoing okay so well uh you know uh partnership with with with with with with with the National Geographic Society to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of of of of of of of the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as as as as as as as uh so um I mean um okay a youth youth youth youth youth youth youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 1600 so okay uh I mean you know um ) was was was was was was was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who was the like like like like like like like uh okay uh you know well main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies mucuchies mucuchies mucuchies mucuchies mucuchies mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies the mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated situated situated situated situated situated situated um well um well you know okay in the highly highly highly highly highly highly highly urbanised area of South East Wales, you know um like like like like like like like okay so uh whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it today, it today, it today, it today, today, today, today, today, today, today, it today, it today, it is used for concerts by by by by by by by many inspirational bands and uh well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider and and and and and and and the you know like well um okay I mean Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the next next next next next next next month you know well you know I mean you know know know know know know know like with a blush on his face, but was reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced to um like uh well okay okay a homeless bum bum bum bum bum bum bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of of of of of of of posts okay I mean like so like um in Lincolnshire Lincolnshire Lincolnshire Lincolnshire Lincolnshire Lincolnshire Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent well so so so so so so so well okay well um for King Henry V V V V V V V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 so like like like like like like like like well uh you know by C. W. Post, Post, Post, Post, Post, Post, Post, a patient and later competitor of uh you know well well well well well well well so okay well the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is desprez is desprez is desprez is desprez is desprez desprez desprez desprez desprez desprez desprez is desprez is also known as a designer and maker so so so so so so so so so I mean you know um of embroidery embroidery embroidery embroidery embroidery embroidery embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in in in in in in in okay I mean okay okay like uh June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic the the the the the the the Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic the Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in in in in in in in the okay I mean I mean so um um um um um um um uh 2nd century A. D. It was replaced by by by by by by by the Panhellenion, uh okay um I mean well so established established established established established established established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is a member of the general partner partner partner partner partner partner partner of Armada Enterprises okay I mean I mean you you you you you you you know I mean um LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny Kenny Kenny Kenny Kenny Kenny Kenny okay well you know uh you know so out out out out out out out of jail for $ 100, 000 after he he he he he he he well well I mean I mean so you you you you you you you know accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by so okay you know like I mean like its success success success success success success success and sexual content, as its sexual - explicitness bended bended bended bended bended bended bended creative like um um so so I mean barriers in the music music music music music music music industry and led to an increased you know you you you you you you you know well so okay um popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh I mean well War the the the the the the the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were you know okay I I I I I I I mean you know uh so used to jam German German German German German German German communications, seriously hindering their advance I mean um okay um um um um um um um like uh on Paris and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone bath Stone bath Stone bath Stone bath Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone bath Stone bath Stone has been used extensively as as as as as as as a building material uh well um uh okay you you you you you you you know throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America I mean okay um um um um um um um so you know I mean that began as as as as as as as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so well British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Abdul dr. Abdul dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the the the the the the the one of uh um like so um I mean Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from from from from from from from east and okay I mean so so I I I I I I I mean well west, it has traces of western sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like Rock, okay I mean okay so so like like like like like like like Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony so you know like okay you know okay Kushner, who he he he he he he he commissioned to write what Kushner well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year year year year year year year okay um I mean um I mean so so so so so so so of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious serious serious serious serious serious serious clash okay uh well I mean you know um um um um um um um of arms between Māori and the British settlers after the so so so so so so so like um uh okay like signing of the Treaty of of of of of of of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, so so so so so so so they may be like okay well I mean I I I I I I I mean you know placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in in in in in in in like okay okay um so okay the Sassanid era was was was was was was was their heavy armoured cavalry. These uh you know well so so so so so so so you know okay heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which which which which which which which they underwent extensive exercises well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh in warfare and military manoeuvres through military military military military military military military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to according to according to according to according to according according according according according according according to according to the current Constitution, the President is is is is is is is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a like like like like like like like like um you know okay like small seaside town in in in in in in in County Down, Ireland on 21 you know so you know know know know know know know like you know I mean November 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending while attending while attending while attending while attending while while while while while while while attending while attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, boyfriends, but later um okay um um so so stated that that that that that that that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to like like like like like like like I mean like so like like take responsibility responsibility responsibility responsibility responsibility responsibility responsibility and pull their kids out of um okay like like like like like like like okay I mean um the activity if anything anything anything anything anything anything anything went wrong, these kids were then well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean uh looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but okay you you you you you you you know uh um um so is promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so like her first solo exhibition opened opened opened opened opened opened opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, Heresy, Heresy, Heresy, Heresy, Heresy, Heresy, half I mean uh I mean like um uh of the Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion Legion rebelled against the Emperor well well um I I I I I I I mean well I mean under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is grout is grout is grout is grout grout grout grout grout grout grout is grout is grout is generally composed of of of of of of of a mixture of water, cement, sand uh okay okay well well well well well well well um okay and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which which which which which which which is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) young) young) young) young) young) young) is um uh um okay you know you know a young young young young young young young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage damage damage damage damage damage damage uh uh so okay okay like and significant snowfall, primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so you know okay um is is is is is is is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement Movement Movement Movement Movement Movement Movement so I mean like I mean uh so for the the the the the the the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the well well well well well well well um um well I mean okay position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated um like like like like like like like I mean so um I mean an adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve you know um um I mean okay okay world - - - - - - - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an okay like like like like like like like uh um um so opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is he is he is he is he he he he he he he is he is he is perennially under investigation by his his his his his his his superiors, but the Machiavellian well okay so okay okay so so so so so so so Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they they they they they they they turn well you know so okay uh okay a blind blind blind blind blind blind blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so brought down by the the the the the the the annual Špancir Festival which begins at um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is so so so so so so so well so okay I mean so served by by by by by by by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single single single single single single single and I mean okay like uh well you know know know know know know know double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a further further further further further further further well like well well you know so residential unit unit unit unit unit unit unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the you you you you you you you know you know so so okay uh Berlin Charité, Charité, Charité, Charité, Charité, Charité, Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department for the mentally mentally mentally mentally mentally mentally mentally well you know um I mean like you know ill ill ill ill ill ill ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including you you you you you you you know um I mean well so okay 103 sworn sworn sworn sworn sworn sworn sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 you know know know know know know know well well so I mean um square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning learning learning learning learning learning learning uh uh okay well so I mean institute with with with with with with with a website service designed so that users can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so I mean okay learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died died died died died died died in so I mean you know well I mean well well well well well well well about 1259, and he had three brothers, two of I mean I I I I I I I mean like like I mean okay whom died died died died died died died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - like I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean well you know y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood her childhood her childhood her childhood her childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood her childhood her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in in in in in in in the well well like so well well large large large large large large large palaces and country estates owned by the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so like you know Romanovs like the Catherine and the the the the the the the Alexander palaces um well you know like so so so so so so so so in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets chucky meets chucky meets chucky meets chucky meets meets meets meets meets meets meets chucky meets chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his his his his his his his voodoo instructor when like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly - named well I mean uh you know um um um um um um um uh movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic well well well well well well well um so well uh so series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of of of of of of of solving 'thinking games': okay like so like so so so so so so so so in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, Jackie well I mean like uh so um freaked out when in in in in in in in crises, pacing while trying to figure uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla and Morris okay well okay like like okay be seen seen seen seen seen seen seen together around town; they liked each other and uh so so so so so so so okay um um um did date for a period; however, however, however, however, however, however, however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of the the the the the the the 2009 so um um okay uh well - 2010 American American American American American American American sci - fi television series so I mean like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an an an an an an an American college you know well you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive Coordinator Coordinator Coordinator Coordinator Coordinator Coordinator Coordinator so you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well you know their high high high high high high high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be you know know know know know know know like like well well you know more economically operated operated operated operated operated operated operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well designed for rechargeable batteries may allow charging without without without without without without without removing the uh well um well I mean well well well well well well well batteries; for example, a light kept in a vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses addresses addresses addresses addresses addresses addresses these uh like I mean well well I mean requests requests requests requests requests requests requests in an episodic manner; during the course of the the the the the the the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) you you you you you you you know I mean you know well okay so is an English English English English English English English professional football player and currently plays for Bristol uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well um uh City, on a short short short short short short short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the the the the the the the City okay like you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of the uh you you you you you you you know well okay well okay community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay okay okay featured in the 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 - 0 thumping over um uh so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both both both both both both both physicians uh okay uh um I mean uh in in in in in in in the Indian Army, causing the family to move move move move move move move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at moreover, at moreover, at moreover, at moreover, at at at at at at at moreover, at moreover, at the time the city had few few few few few few few entertainment well you know like okay you know I mean and and and and and and and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to like like like like like like like like uh I mean like like establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off off off off off off off um well you know okay well so attacks from aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft and submarines; later in the you know well well well well well well well well well uh I mean war, escort carriers were part part part part part part part of hunter - killer uh well uh well well well well well well well well like groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to to to to to to to uh I mean um okay okay you know school at Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Washington Institute of Technology so so well so you you you you you you you know um in Redmond and graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces while 'Aces while 'Aces while 'Aces while 'Aces 'Aces 'Aces 'Aces 'Aces 'Aces 'Aces while 'Aces while 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, simulator, simulator, simulator, simulator, simulator, simulator, there okay uh okay so um um is also a community community community community community community community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in in in in in in in um uh you know okay um like 1954 with a a a a a a a degree in animal husbandry and then, as well I I I I I I I mean um um I mean uh had his his his his his his his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a so so so so so so so well you know uh um um yeshiva high school school school school school school school for boys, located in Kibbutz um like you know know know know know know know like like um Sha'alvim it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped like like like like like like like so like well you know um as Bunge Bunge Bunge Bunge Bunge Bunge Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny uh like like like like like like like like I mean like like islands and ties them together together together together together together together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist Assist Assist Assist Assist Assist Assist emergency Assist emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver driver driver driver driver driver driver after you know uh um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of of of of of of of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of selection of selection of selection of selection of of of of of of of selection of selection of the appropriate round (s) is is is is is is is usually made before um I mean well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um the start of the quiz and made be available on on on on on on on all like you know you know well you know know know know know know know uh rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks parks parks parks parks parks parks and recreational facilities um well like so um um including including including including including including including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - Luc Public like so so so so so so so okay like you know well Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean uh in 1656 after after after after after after after the fall of More Kingdom to like um you know um um um um um um um well like Bhosales and very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of one of one of one of one of of of of of of of one of one of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton Waterton well I mean so you know okay well Lakes National National National National National National National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - um so uh um um um um um um um you know uh hour - return Crypt Lake trail trail trail trail trail trail trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay you know was one of the the the the the the the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and uh you know you you you you you you you know uh so well on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 Tamil film like um so uh okay you know know know know know know know is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the after the after the war, the L class were were were were were were were involved in trials you know so well like well well well well well well well you know of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both both both both both both both the east you know well like um okay well well well well well well well and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and 1923 um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh and were were were were were were were used in the US scrapping well like uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, you know know know know know know know you know okay you know um I mean 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) 1901) represented President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter - - - - - - - day well you know um okay okay like like like like like like like Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson ericsson ericsson ericsson ericsson ericsson ericsson designed ericsson designed ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, 1861, its most well um well okay so you know prominent feature feature feature feature feature feature feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted so um um um um um um um you know uh I mean you know amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial arterial arterial arterial arterial arterial arterial embolism, include well well you know you know so um um um um um um um disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation and mitral mitral mitral mitral mitral mitral mitral stenosis), um I mean like um like so injury injury injury injury injury injury injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- um so uh you know okay I mean 15 September September September September September September September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title so you know know know know know know know um like um uh in 1969, his father, father, father, father, father, father, father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines it examines it examines it examines it it it it it it it examines it examines it examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living while living while living while living while living living living living living living living while living while living in São Paulo he fell in in in in in in in love with well like uh uh like you know know know know know know know Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to to to to to to to so um like well like like Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked worked worked worked worked worked worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of much of much of much of much of of of of of of of much of much of her design was also re-used for for for for for for for the 'Street so I mean well I mean I I I I I I I mean you know Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, incidentally, has a fellow ninja classmate um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St um um um um um um um you know I mean like well well. Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg Petersburg was raided by police but after Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost Glasnost the you know well so you know so I I I I I I I mean group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 the 2014 the 2014 the 2014 the the the the the the the 2014 the 2014 the 2014 NFL season the 95th 95th 95th 95th 95th 95th 95th regular season of the you know like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like National Football League is tentatively set to begin like like like like like like like well I mean like like like Thursday, September 4, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl well like um uh you know so so so so so so so champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin cabin cabin cabin cabin cabin cabin I mean so um okay uh okay with an an an an an an an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he um um I I I I I I I mean um so well had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was nimfa was nimfa was nimfa was nimfa nimfa nimfa nimfa nimfa nimfa nimfa was nimfa was nimfa was forced to take part of a a a a a a a I mean well um uh uh well devilish devilish devilish devilish devilish devilish devilish plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, housing cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural treasures well okay well you know like you you you you you you you know of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like you know like of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her her her her her her her so like like I mean I mean so family family family family family family family name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together together together together together together together as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI the DBTI the DBTI the DBTI the the the the the the the DBTI the DBTI the DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of of of of of of of 147 students who uh so so I mean I I I I I I I mean you know graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers modern beavers modern beavers modern beavers modern modern modern modern modern modern modern beavers modern beavers modern beavers have chisel - like incisor incisor incisor incisor incisor incisor incisor teeth for gnawing on like so like uh like like like like like like like I mean wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the the the the the the the members uh I mean I mean well like well of of of of of of of the royal family which, along with the I I I I I I I mean like so like okay um governorship of Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a so um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know reputation for fairness and competence, has has has has has has has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to this, she could only show platonic love to Hardin, Hardin, Hardin, Hardin, Hardin, Hardin, Hardin, I mean um uh um so um which in turn turn turn turn turn turn turn shatters his heart and later turned over the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you know okay you know dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting acting acting acting acting acting acting for another, okay okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February in February in February in February in in in in in in in February in February in February 2007, Whedon departed from from from from from from from the project I mean um okay well uh uh due due due due due due due to script differences with the studio, and the so so so so so so so so so uh uh like director reiterated, ' I I I I I I I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer atransfer to HMS Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant (1758) in February 1772 until like okay you know know know know know know know um like uh she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy so like I mean well I mean um um um um um um um program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, 1885, 1885, 1885, 1885, 1885, 1885, uh you know like um like like and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since like like like like like like like well well like you know so any manufactured CBC CBC CBC CBC CBC CBC CBC can be configured for zero to four four four four four four four solid boosters, like okay so you know so uh but the the the the the the the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor editor editor editor editor editor editor like well so okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean can be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and and and and and and and easy to so I mean so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP EP EP EP EP EP EP released so I mean I mean uh uh so so so so so so so by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin well well well well well well well uh like like you know uh Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of of of of of of of well well you know I mean I mean so so so so so so so the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th 17th like you know you know okay um you know know know know know know know century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van so so so so so so so I mean um like like I mean Mander Mander Mander Mander Mander Mander Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - you know know know know know know know I mean like well so so 2 on the the the the the the the regular season and earning a berth in the the the the the the the okay so uh okay I mean well Championship Game, Game, Game, Game, Game, Game, Game, where the Fox lost to like um so you know know know know know know know you know you know the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg Dufourg um um so uh you know uh attributed attributed attributed attributed attributed attributed attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and gave his his his his his his his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh so okay tier, whilst the latter latter latter latter latter latter latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well okay okay is a Venezuelan - - - - - - - Spanish professional footballer who currently well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like like so plays for CD Tenerife Tenerife Tenerife Tenerife Tenerife Tenerife Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer well well well well well well well you know I mean uh well uh currently serving as executive executive executive executive executive executive executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, in 1846, 1846, 1846, 1846, 1846, 1846, 1846, in 1846, in 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first first first first first first first blast furnaces at uh uh okay so uh like Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; um um um um um um um um you know okay um I mean it was recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY you know you you you you you you you know so like I mean um in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of of of of of of of 'P well I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that one one one one one one one locality okay I mean well well like I mean of 'P 'P 'P 'P 'P 'P 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh well uh the Portland Trail Blazers Blazers Blazers Blazers Blazers Blazers Blazers for center Tom Owens, uh like I mean well you you you you you you you know like who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting the painting the painting the painting painting painting painting painting painting painting the painting the painting the painting was presented by by by by by by by him to President Kennedy you know so well you know know know know know know know okay well in 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young young young young young young young like uh okay you know um okay artist artist artist artist artist artist artist with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from like well well well well well well well you know I mean so well the White House House House House House House House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained contained contained contained contained contained contained like like okay uh um well 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was offered a new contract at the end end end end end end end well uh well okay well well of the 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 - 2014 season, after being with so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a so so so so so so so so you know well like okay district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh I mean same, by God there is is is is is is is no difference between um like um okay I mean I I I I I I I mean a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas and so uh I mean um so well invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Erie Erie Erie Erie Erie Erie Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in response response response response response response response well well so you know so um to a a a a a a a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building the building the building the building the building building building building building building building the building the building is shaped to project the the the the the the the image of uh you know um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean scales of justice with its centre - beam symbolised symbolised symbolised symbolised symbolised symbolised symbolised um so I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know by the central wing of the building comprising the the the the the the the Chief um okay you know so so okay Justice's court, court, court, court, court, court, court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the opposite side of the road is the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay like well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian christian christian christian christian christian christian Cyrus christian Cyrus christian Cyrus Leben (born July July July July July July July 21, 1980) is a retired American you know you you you you you you you know so um okay okay mixed martial artist who fought for for for for for for for the UFC as a Middleweight, compiling you know so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean I mean a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of of of of of of of the you know well I mean okay uh I mean insulation insulation insulation insulation insulation insulation insulation over many years of energised service and at present uh you you you you you you you know like like like um great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in in in in in in in um I mean um I mean uh uh talks with with with with with with with BBC to get Torchwood back on TV, the I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well so announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so uh you know you know which it makes navigational trails trails trails trails trails trails trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals goals goals goals goals goals goals um like um I mean uh okay and 40 points points points points points points points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his his his his his his his um um I mean you know okay um father, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his um um um um um um um um um so you know um step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though though though though though though though use of like uh like so um uh shims shims shims shims shims shims shims and padding can compensate for some changes, changes, changes, changes, changes, changes, changes, and the lessen well well so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when he he he he he he he was appointed you know um uh um well so so so so so so so president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after after after after after after after his like um like okay uh I mean death death death death death death death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called called called called called called called 'Sometimes uh you know well like okay well You See See See See See See See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean uh okay he was was was was was was was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise the premise the premise the premise the premise premise premise premise premise premise premise the premise the premise of 'DC Challenge' was that that that that that that that each chapter okay I mean so um well well well well well well well well would be written by a different author and so so so so so so so okay I mean like um like illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on on on on on on on February I mean so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so um um like and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) 1962) 1962) 1962) 1962) 1962) 1962) okay so uh uh uh um was a Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, Attorney like like like like like like like okay you know you know okay so General of South Dakota Dakota Dakota Dakota Dakota Dakota Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, colon, colon, colon, colon, colon, colon, located well um I mean like well um at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of the okay like like like like like like like so you know like so United States Air Force based based based based based based based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well I mean well serving many different sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - well so so so so so so so you know okay well like known and popular personality among among among among among among among the residents of his well like well you know know know know know know know I mean so hometown, respected for his exploits as as as as as as as an All well um uh I mean like like - American American American American American American American athlete and a judge on the New well so um um um um um um um you know okay well York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure time, um like I mean uh you know well using using using using using using using a photographic film with a higher ISO rating, or, in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay like digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the since the since the since the since the the the the the the the since the since the original writing of the the the the the the the scriptures, huge volumes of like okay um so like you you you you you you you know copies have been made of the originals, originals, originals, originals, originals, originals, originals, which are um well like I mean uh you know know know know know know know no longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um well Leaked on November 10, 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising john Rising john Rising john Rising john john john john john john john Rising john Rising john Rising (1756 -- 1815) was was was was was was was an English uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well portrait and subject painter, had a large practice in in in in in in in London, so so like well um you know and was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police Police Police Police Police Police Police well you know well um okay okay Service and it it it it it it it was him who encouraged Goodwin to okay so well well well well well well well well I mean um learn the piano from an early age age age age age age age which you know you know um like um you know know know know know know know would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from from from from from from from so um um I mean so um the the the the the the the novel, including the murder of its protagonist um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know shortly after a moment moment moment moment moment moment moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture architecture like I mean um I mean uh uh during during during during during during during the nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was was was was was was was constructed well I mean I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh by François Coignet in 1869 one week before the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh I mean like inauguration of the the the the the the the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean you know a a a a a a a fictional character created by the author J. K K K K K K K I mean um so well okay you know. Stanford, a a a a a a a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the the the the the the the I mean you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event event event event event event event held in uh okay you know like so okay downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and and and and and and and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold he sold he sold he sold he he he he he he he sold he sold he sold the album online through through through through through through through his site and uh like like so um okay Myspace, as as as as as as as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch Punch Punch Punch Punch Punch Punch I mean I mean I mean uh so you you you you you you you know was working on a PlayStation 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox like well um um um um um um um um well okay game based on a futuristic world with more more more more more more more photorealistic okay okay okay like uh like graphics, graphics, graphics, graphics, graphics, graphics, graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back back back back back back back um you know you know uh well I mean into into into into into into into Lila, and the two plan to reunite her her her her her her her okay I mean like okay you know like like like like like like like with her father and allow her to take back her her her her her her her place well uh well uh um uh as heir by by by by by by by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played he played he played he played he he he he he he he played he played he played his first pro season season season season season season season with their Class A okay so so you know so so so so so so so well Anderson Braves in 1980, and his his his his his his his last with I mean um like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the New York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian like like like like like like like uh well uh like so Empire in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle and late 13th century, like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh most of the territory of present - - - - - - - day Albania became okay I mean uh well you know know know know know know know okay part of the Serbian state: firstly, I I I I I I I mean well okay okay you know like as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her her her her her her her during you know I mean well okay uh so so so so so so so his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when so so so so so so so like okay I mean uh you know he returned to to to to to to to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both both both both both both both I mean uh well I mean you know so so so so so so so lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds um um uh uh uh like that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE WWE WWE WWE WWE WWE WWE well like so um well like SmackDown Tag Team Team Team Team Team Team Team Championship was unveiled, and a you know you know I I I I I I I mean uh I mean um tournament to crown the the the the the the the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Taylor Coleridge so you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and the encounter, a life - changing event was was was was was was was subsequently so okay um you know so like to exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise a profound influence on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South South South South South South South Africa, well I mean like you know um so who who who who who who who works with the Triangle Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American uh I I I I I I I mean uh I mean you know like educator, born at at at at at at at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage the four - wheel - drive system uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know like uh the vehicle must must must must must must must be moving at a slow speed less you know okay um um um um um um um um okay okay than 30 miles per hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually this actually this actually this actually this actually this this this this this this this actually this actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, I I I I I I I mean um like I mean I mean uh and she she she she she she she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where where where where where where where I mean I mean uh so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 64 64 64 64 64 64 uh so okay well you know so black Fender Stratocaster, Stratocaster, Stratocaster, Stratocaster, Stratocaster, Stratocaster, Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple um um um um um um um so um like um um situated in Mattanur is one one one one one one one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting betting betting betting betting betting betting favourite, okay you know so like um so quickly opened up up up up up up up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in okay you you you you you you you know you know um so uh the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan Susan Susan Susan Susan Susan Susan Williamson, okay I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to to to to to to to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label the label the label the label the label label label label label label label the label the label was initially intended only to to to to to to to release 12' singles, I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well uh however as Lex approached artists to contribute material material material material material material material you know well well I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale uh um um um um um um um um okay you know uh of bonds, with with with with with with with the first issue planned to be okay um so so so so so so so okay like um around $ 20 million; the smaller planned planned planned planned planned planned planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort has been expended in an an an an an an an attempt to so so I mean okay um I mean factor factor factor factor factor factor factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about well well well well well well well I mean so I mean I mean uh their their their their their their their factorization; for instance, it's not known if all numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers I mean okay you know okay so like in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and tallman and tallman and tallman and tallman and tallman and and and and and and and tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um like their ranch at Poolville near near near near near near near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, assisted I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems seems seems seems seems seems seems um I mean uh okay okay well to have acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired acquired a vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, but okay so so so so so so so like okay um uh after studying theology in the the the the the the the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship ship ship ship ship ship ship which well you know so so you know uh is is is is is is is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, Ginza, so so like you know okay um Chūō, Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing ensuing ensuing ensuing ensuing ensuing ensuing two decades okay so so um I mean like Walker Walker Walker Walker Walker Walker Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still maintained you you you you you you you know you know uh um so uh a loyal following following following following following following following from his Cheyenne days and like okay I mean you you you you you you you know well well is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that that that that that that that I mean you know okay I mean like um they they they they they they they are not right for each other, prompting okay you know know know know know know know so uh okay um Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know like um degree cinema marketing company company company company company company company in Malayalam in the year 2014 you know I mean well well well well well well well okay like um and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television television television television television television television you know you know um well well um series 'Perry 'Perry 'Perry 'Perry 'Perry 'Perry 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 like like like like like like like well well well well like -- 22 September 1957) was was was was was was was an Irish poet, author, so you know like um okay well well well well well well well otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, who who who who who who who served um like you know so okay well as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC like uh you know like I mean so streetcars for for for for for for for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work you know know know know know know know um um like like like has included restoring PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC PCC cars for use on San okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves Wharves Wharves Wharves Wharves Wharves Wharves line and manufacturing so okay I mean so well well well well well well well you know replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a a a a a a a so I mean okay well I mean I mean former former former former former former former professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh um um you know recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only only only only only only only um uh uh okay uh uh one available available available available available available available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted you you you you you you you know um like like so like to it by by by by by by by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in 1145, in in in in in in in 1145, in 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, Chartres, well um uh I mean so well excommunicated Geoffrey, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so so monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant dissonant dissonant dissonant dissonant dissonant dissonant and dramatic way, you know well like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden? ).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in line I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well you know like with the ongoing ongoing ongoing ongoing ongoing ongoing ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in the the the the the the the area um um um so so okay are at at at at at at at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori and and and and and and and like you know you know so you know you you you you you you you know Samoan descent and played rugby union until he he he he he he he was uh you know so like I mean you you you you you you you know 14 - years - old, then making a switch switch switch switch switch switch switch to okay um you know okay okay you know know know know know know know rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often well well um um um um um um um um so uh be avoided, as their immediate area area area area area area area of influence was well okay I mean so so so so so so so well okay about and their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is well known for his affiliation with the you know know know know know know know I mean um like I mean uh West Coast division of of of of of of of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World well you know know know know know know know like uh like um Rap Championships in 2007, status as as as as as as as a Youtube celebrity, like okay uh like like so and and and and and and and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well well on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' 'K' i and 'K' I mean like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well i' accurately from such plots, so it is um um um um um um um okay uh um like like advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean you know song as a 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release okay uh um um um um um um um um okay um 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin burley Griffin burley Griffin burley Griffin burley burley burley burley burley burley burley Griffin burley Griffin burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and and and and and and and with uh well like well you know I mean help from from from from from from from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party Party Party Party Party Party Party of well so like well well um Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, so so so so so so so um okay like um so also known as East Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto Rican I mean okay you know like like like like like like like so I mean parents at the age of of of of of of of ten Jimmy's family okay um uh okay you know know know know know know know well moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most like like like like like like like like uh so okay so populous urban areas in in in in in in in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and virtually you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean so 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial industrial designer I mean okay like like like uh who created the Ducati Ducati Ducati Ducati Ducati Ducati Ducati Monster, which is credited uh you know uh so so so so so so so um you know with popularizing the naked bike style of of of of of of of motorcycle, as well like like uh like uh well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following the following the following the end of the the the the the the the war, angry crowds burned his books well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um in public in major Norwegian cities cities cities cities cities cities cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his his his his his his his fiancée Helen, and I mean well I mean like well well well well well well well uh pens a 'how to' book on breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor so so so so so so so well uh uh okay I mean of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & & & & & & & Museum, uh I mean so okay I mean like like like like like like like a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes well you know okay so you know I I I I I I I mean of polypeptides can be produced by by by by by by by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space and time are unified, the motion through through through through through through through space impacts well well so like like so time: time: time: time: time: time: time: time slows down for the person who is is is is is is is moving but um well well you know so like goes faster faster faster faster faster faster faster for the one who stands still; which implies that that that that that that that you know um I mean uh you know well well well well well well well the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know you know 'Tunes of Glory' (1956), which which which which which which which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually usually usually usually usually usually usually are I mean I mean uh uh uh so so so so so so so simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or or or or or or or you know like okay so I mean uh just 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks clocks were okay I mean um I mean well um almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - - - - - - - CD box you know okay well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre Autechre Autechre Autechre Autechre Autechre Autechre between uh well well um well um 1991 and 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, like like like like like like like like well I mean you know okay and and and and and and and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the so you know know know know know know know uh um like well first round of the the the the the the the playoffs in seven games, afterward well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet music may also indicate the name of of of of of of of the you know so like uh you you you you you you you know okay lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a person person person person person person person like you know like okay well okay other than one one one one one one one of the songwriters or composers and well well well well well well well well uh so so um the name of the arranger, if if if if if if if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann however, McCann however, McCann however, McCann however, McCann however, however, however, however, however, however, however, McCann however, McCann was found guilty of the the the the the the the theft of two you know you know um I I I I I I I mean um like computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, in 1952, in 1952, in 1952, in 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, in 1952, in 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, um um um um um um um like I mean you know so like whom he had had had had had had had met as an intern pastor in Colorado so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well City, Texas, and the couple shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to according to according to according to to to to to to to according to according to according to sources privy to to to to to to to the development at like like okay um so so so so so so so you know Scotland Yard, the information obtained from from from from from from from the SIM of Iftikhar I mean uh you know know know know know know know well like so Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is ben is ben is ben is ben ben ben ben ben ben ben is ben is ben is the son of Libby Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy and the deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' so so so so so so so well I mean um okay um by the 'Vancouver Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh um so well the southern southern southern southern southern southern southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner um um um um um um um okay like okay um you know with Huaihai Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian so so so so so so so okay uh okay um well - Slovak Slovak Slovak Slovak Slovak Slovak Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking back up the project in 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 recording started uh so uh like I mean I mean to to to to to to to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in on the the the the the the the uh like uh like uh okay project and and and and and and and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served served served served served served served um you know okay uh um okay as an an an an an an an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the the the the the the the Dan Quayle uh um okay like so you know Center Center Center Center Center Center Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, roca roca roca roca roca roca roca Partida, roca Partida, roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a sour sour sour sour sour sour sour I mean uh so well um I mean note, note, note, note, note, note, note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was the second single from his worldwide hit hit hit hit hit hit hit um like like uh I mean so album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 World you know like I mean um okay um Figure Skating Skating Skating Skating Skating Skating Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen the the the the the the the hydrogen the hydrogen the hydrogen and helium extracted extracted extracted extracted extracted extracted extracted in the process could also I mean well well well well well well well uh uh I mean so be used as as as as as as as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled well so so so so so so so so you know like okay into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second the second the second the second the the the the the the the second the second the second season premiered on July July July July July July July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El siddig El El El El El El El siddig El siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Siddig Siddig Siddig Siddig Siddig Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed Abdel um I mean okay so so so so so so so like so Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 ) like I mean you know like uh so is a a a a a a a Sudanese - born British actor, known by the well well well well well well well like I mean so okay well stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like well so province latest census, it it it it it it it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 like like like like like like like like uh well uh okay October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singer, daughter of I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know uh like the Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and and and and and and and radio technician Toni Toneff, she well okay um so okay well well well well well well well was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain well uh I mean like okay okay in 2006, Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop under the influence of Post Punk, well you know um um um um um um um like you know uh consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in in in in in in in uh you know um okay well okay Compton, California as the youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development progressed, some of the original ideas became too too too too too too too well like so okay okay so difficult for the small team team team team team team team to complete; originally, the spider sequences uh um okay I I I I I I I mean okay okay were to be present near the the the the the the the end of the you know like I mean well like I I I I I I I mean game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, acacias, uh uh like like well I mean etc. 4 to to to to to to to 6 rounded white eggs are um okay um you you you you you you you know well like laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Adventure uh so like well so you know 'featured a scene scene scene scene scene scene scene in which Pee - wee you know uh um um um um um um um uh okay uh Herman knocks over a row row row row row row row of motorcycles, then proceeds um well like okay uh so so so so so so so to win over the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on on on on on on on um okay well so um you know the Canterbury Plains since since since since since since since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son son son son son son son of the well well um so uh okay late Manuel 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built built built built built built built well I mean like um like uh entirely on on on on on on on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, 1851, 1851, 1851, 1851, 1851, 1851, to a you know like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing co-writing on I mean so so well um um um um um um um um four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', Below', Below', Below', Below', Below', Below', um uh okay well well I mean the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is also the Director of the Division of okay I I I I I I I mean well so okay you know Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is like um um um um um um um I mean uh so so the director of the National Resource Resource Resource Resource Resource Resource Resource Center on Supportive Housing and so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth peeth peeth peeth peeth peeth peeth & well well well I mean okay uh also a a a a a a a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is is is is is is is like um I mean so uh like about 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored he scored he scored he scored he scored scored scored scored scored scored scored he scored he scored his first goal for United in in in in in in in a 2 -- uh okay uh uh so so so so so so so uh 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park Park Park Park Park Park Park on like so well so like like 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy easy easy easy easy easy easy like uh well I mean I mean I mean to locate locate locate locate locate locate locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, you you you you you you you know so I mean like okay well Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown okay you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean well song first recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out out out out out out out in the isolated like um I mean well you know know know know know know know um piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and bolstered bolstered bolstered bolstered bolstered bolstered bolstered by so you know I mean like so so his new new new new new new new found status, Nelson boasted a plan I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like well that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach grant grant grant grant grant grant grant Rohach grant Rohach grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) 1994) 1994) 1994) 1994) 1994) 1994) is an American football okay uh like uh I mean so so so so so so so quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to to to to to to to be a messenger you know you know okay well well well well well well well well like and prophet of God, and by most most most most most most most Muslims um well you know um like like to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five well well well well well well well okay you know I mean um like year jail term term term term term term term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed norris claimed norris claimed norris claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed claimed norris claimed norris claimed norris claimed that Chipps had had had had had had had threatened his like okay well I mean I mean well life, life, life, life, life, life, life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh you know like efficient in extending extending extending extending extending extending extending basic needs to the poor than you know know know know know know know uh okay uh you know uh subsidizing supplies whose whose whose whose whose whose whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough you you you you you you you know like uh um well I mean to allow allow allow allow allow allow allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided well well well well well well well you know um well okay you know over legal legal legal legal legal legal legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important well you know you you you you you you you know well uh you know irregular marriage, attended parliaments, parliaments, parliaments, parliaments, parliaments, parliaments, parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean uh you know calls it it it it it it it an IOU and offers him a contract to um um um um um um um you know like I mean so I mean sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Taught Taught Taught Taught Taught Taught Learner', in okay uh uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features features features features features features features a woman's so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia on on on on on on on so like uh uh like so October 2 in successfully repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling repelling the Mexican troops, and like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate the pistillate the pistillate the pistillate the the the the the the the pistillate the pistillate the pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the last decade parts of the area have you know know know know know know know well like so like okay seen a gentrification, with many housing housing housing housing housing housing housing assessments doubling; yet well I mean you know well well well well well well well well you know many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so you know well Studios film 'Frozen', 'Frozen', 'Frozen', 'Frozen', 'Frozen', 'Frozen', 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity connectivity connectivity connectivity connectivity connectivity connectivity and large you know well well I mean uh so so so so so so so data sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio in you know you know so uh uh I I I I I I I mean 2009 to meet market demand by changing changing changing changing changing changing changing the I mean like okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law school, she was the managing editor at at at at at at at I mean so um I mean so I mean the Fordham Fordham Fordham Fordham Fordham Fordham Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice okay I mean um um um um um um um you know I mean uh as the moderator of of of of of of of a panel about citing electric generators I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like I mean in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of of of of of of of the uh you know you know okay okay I I I I I I I mean entry of German troops into Ukraine and and and and and and and returned to well I mean like you know I I I I I I I mean like the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip chip chip chip chip chip chip is well well uh I mean um you know mounted mounted mounted mounted mounted mounted mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the temperature, so so so so so so so well I mean so well well and by making small small small small small small small adjustments to the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her you you you you you you you know you know like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Majesty's Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of of of of of of of well um like uh you know I I I I I I I mean Fire Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched launched launched launched launched launched launched a okay like um so uh like mortar strike on on on on on on on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on land, the the the the the the the okay you know okay uh well well First World War War War War War War War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the um well well well well well well well you know okay like like largest naval battle of the the the the the the the First World War and you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past so so so so so so so well um like um uh the turn of the the the the the the the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football club was formed in 1872 and was was was was was was was operated by you know you know so uh well so the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent dredging recent recent recent recent recent recent recent dredging recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate and and and and and and and uh well um um um I mean the main channel channel channel channel channel channel channel has moved away from the cliffs, um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um removing much of of of of of of of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well as um um um um um um um um like um you know like off - topic, media, and and and and and and and graphic arts forums and I mean like uh like you know know know know know know know I mean on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced it replaced it replaced it replaced it replaced it it it it it it it replaced it replaced a company set up in June June June June June June June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Motiur Rahman okay I mean I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like suggested some of students to be active active active active active active active in this well I mean uh I mean well like like like like like like like regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, since 1968, since 1968, since 1968, since 1968, since since since since since since since 1968, since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, stripped, so I mean you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions these regions these regions these regions regions regions regions regions regions regions these regions these regions these regions therefore had a diverse diverse diverse diverse diverse diverse diverse range of different peoples you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like uh like and were, to some extent, extent, extent, extent, extent, extent, extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the chikurachki, the chikurachki, the chikurachki, the chikurachki, the chikurachki, chikurachki, chikurachki, chikurachki, chikurachki, chikurachki, chikurachki, the chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently recently recently recently recently recently recently on March uh like um well like like 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km 5km high plume of okay well um so I I I I I I I mean like ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to to to to to to to uh like like um you know well Arms on on on on on on on 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service service service service service service service like you know you know so well so on 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column so you you you you you you you know like I mean uh uh of the North West West West West West West West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh you know or scandia, is a high melting melting melting melting melting melting melting white solid used in high you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so so well - temperature systems (for its resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance to heat and so um well I mean uh I I I I I I I mean thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix jean jean jean jean jean jean jean Tholix jean Tholix jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in in in in in in in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a a a a a a a loop, uh uh uh well okay okay but can't can't can't can't can't can't can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of of of of of of of letters (numbered so well so I mean uh you know know know know know know know 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, so so so so so so so well um well well um 1956) was a a a a a a a U. S. Political figure who most notably so well you you you you you you you know you know so um served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of of of of of of of the well I mean I mean like you know know know know know know know I mean World' for always having an excuse on their shortcomings, shortcomings, shortcomings, shortcomings, shortcomings, shortcomings, shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives it receives it receives it receives it it it it it it it receives it receives it receives administrative support from the United United United United United United United Nations Sustainable Development so you know like like like like like like like okay like um Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least 18 years I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean well well old, and and and and and and and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um well I mean into into into into into into into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his mother as as as as as as as a okay so you know okay uh you know know know know know know know servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and some some some some some some some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician politician politician politician politician politician politician from the Sunni uh um so you know know know know know know know uh you know Arab community, and member of Al Al Al Al Al Al Al - Arabiya like I mean like well you know know know know know know know you know Coalition He also was the led led led led led led led of Reconciliation and like well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in in in in in in in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary Elementary Elementary Elementary Elementary Elementary Elementary okay okay well so okay okay School in Chicago, where where where where where where where administrators described him as 'healthy' um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh uh and 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and and and and and and and encompassed with I mean you know uh I mean so so so so so so so um a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are many all - weather pitches pitches pitches pitches pitches pitches pitches throughout Milton um okay well well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during during during during during during during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles so okay well well well well well well well well I mean uh firing solid shot, however proved proved proved proved proved proved proved to be fouling after 2 - 3 um okay like you you you you you you you know you know so rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, Tidy, Tidy, Tidy, Tidy, Tidy, Tidy, the company she co-founded um um you know uh you you you you you you you know okay in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material um like like like like like like like you know um okay um from year to year, and and and and and and and more contexts that are uh okay like um um um um um um um um I mean designed to be engaging to to to to to to to students as they make connections uh well you know know know know know know know like uh I mean among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the during the during the during during during during during during during the during the during the during the 2009 NRL season, season, season, season, season, season, season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian okay like um um um um um um um you know um well Smith was sacked, and and and and and and and then - assistant like um well well like you you you you you you you know coach Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome so I mean you know you know I mean well well well well well well well and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he he he he he he he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is okay um um um um um um um like well I mean like still elected as is every every every every every every every other sheriff in the um well you know like so so so so so so so um state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen toni Hyvärinen toni Hyvärinen toni Hyvärinen toni Hyvärinen toni toni toni toni toni toni toni Hyvärinen toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who who who who who who who currently um I mean so um uh like plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's busiest busiest busiest busiest busiest busiest busiest places so I mean you know well so well to to to to to to to gather for programs and meetings, serving over um you know know know know know know know so well uh you know 950, 000 visitors in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like like killed, 57 wounded, wounded, wounded, wounded, wounded, wounded, wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to to to to to to to like um um okay I mean okay the fence, his his his his his his his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay uh began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district so um um um um um um um you know well you know so represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people people people people people people people I mean well uh you know like well have reportedly made made made made made made made a habit of killing these spiders in like like like like like like like like I mean um um you know a nearly systematic systematic systematic systematic systematic systematic systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th the 8th the 8th the 8th the 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th the 8th the 8th Battalion arrived in France in July July July July July July July 1915 as part okay so you know you know know know know know know know uh um of the 57th Brigade in the the the the the the the 19th (Western) Division, uh you know um okay um I I I I I I I mean and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age 115 like like like like like like like like I mean um like you know and 42 42 42 42 42 42 42 days in Candé, Maine - et so um uh you know know know know know know know um you know - Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on on on on on on on November like you know okay uh you know know know know know know know um 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes career career career career career career career um well I mean uh well okay and begins luring unruly children children children children children children children to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's the singer's the singer's the singer's the singer's singer's singer's singer's singer's singer's singer's the singer's the singer's laconic banter and corny jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes are um uh okay uh I mean well also on on on on on on on full display, but the album is most remarkable okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well you know you know for the the the the the the the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking um um um um um um um okay okay okay uh um the stage alone and accompanying himself himself himself himself himself himself himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so I mean like there is is is is is is is no penalty for failure to comply with um um you you you you you you you know well so well it and it is not widely widely widely widely widely widely widely enforced -- indeed, the um like okay you know okay I I I I I I I mean U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement enforcement so um well well um well would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was was was was was was was removed uh like like you know like like from from from from from from from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and replaced by I I I I I I I mean well um like I mean I mean Detective Chief Inspector Inspector Inspector Inspector Inspector Inspector Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer responsible for well so so so so so so so uh well you know uh the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about and you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) you you you you you you you know you know you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the the the the the the the so well you know so uh well initial discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in the you know know know know know know know I mean well okay well so South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of of of of of of of heavy - duty like like okay so like you you you you you you you know transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 - well uh um so um uh feet feet feet feet feet feet feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving okay so okay I mean you know um his best best best best best best best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace you you you you you you you know so you know so you know um has disappeared somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second asecond asecond asecond asecond asecond asecond trip went went went went went went went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more so um uh well well well well well well well um well equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation furthermore, separation furthermore, separation furthermore, separation furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, separation furthermore, separation furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the the the the the the the starting uh uh okay uh like like material material material material material material material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely merely merely merely merely merely merely um well uh like like you know by allowing allowing allowing allowing allowing allowing allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools schools schools schools schools schools schools you know you know you know okay okay so in in in in in in in the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and and and and and and and Robert so you know uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean like like declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh well okay from a holiday retreat in in in in in in in England and named I mean so okay okay um um um um um um um so the town he surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know um mathematics, engineering, and and and and and and and natural sciences, a function of um um uh you know know know know know know know uh I mean a real variable is a a a a a a a function whose domain is so I mean well okay you you you you you you you know um the real numbers ℝ, more specifically the the the the the the the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well like um so okay okay this; the potential predator predator predator predator predator predator predator may desist when it knows it uh so I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara Ciara Ciara Ciara Ciara Ciara Ciara in um like okay well okay you know Malibu, California featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring a male actor who she is okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean okay in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law means that hundreds if not thousands of I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like so you know hours hours hours hours hours hours hours I put into going to places and um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know so taking pictures of monuments and and and and and and and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
While the American cities prospered, the vast migration you you you you you you you know uh well I mean well uh from rural rural rural rural rural rural rural areas and continued to neglect the US you you you you you you you know uh well okay um like agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers well so so so so so so so you know okay um so throughout the decade and and and and and and and would later be blamed as well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich benjamin benjamin benjamin benjamin benjamin benjamin benjamin Goodrich benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own own own own own own own a well like okay okay I mean well telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew he grew he grew he grew grew grew grew grew grew grew he grew he grew he grew up in Vallejo, in the the the the the the the Crestside neighborhood, for I mean I mean um well well well well well well well you know you know the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older older older older older older older well so well so so uh routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film was a US box - office uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh well I mean failure and many reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, reviews, particularly those for Ball, uh well okay um um um um um um um I mean uh were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led led led led led led led um uh well uh so like by Herbert Asquith, could could could could could could could not break the deadlock produced in okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know the January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road Road Road Road Road Road Road you know well you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 1900 1900 1900 1900 1900 1900 uh okay okay okay so okay. Farms and ranches speckled speckled speckled speckled speckled speckled speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the like like like like like like like I mean like well I mean uh 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a as a as a as a as as as as as as as a as a as a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary Hungary um so uh well so I mean and Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk mexican punk mexican punk mexican punk mexican punk punk punk punk punk punk punk mexican punk mexican punk had more more more more more more more similar roots to that of 1970s uh uh well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean based on on on on on on on the fact that marginalized minorities were I mean like well well well well well well well uh I mean well begin to participate and and and and and and and perform, it was during this time that I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um well okay bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play play play play play play play in uh like uh uh so I mean a new arena arena arena arena arena arena arena in San Francisco, but the arena so uh so so so so so so so I mean uh okay never came to fruition, and the the the the the the the Seals played in the Oakland like um uh okay like like like like like like like um - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved so so so so so so so um I mean so so okay his his his his his his his cousin from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor in Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two two two two two two two shrines on either bank of the so you know well well well well well well well like so so Vavali (Bavali) river; on the the the the the the the west bank okay okay well um uh um um um um um um um resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Kottiyoor Temple' I mean well uh uh uh uh by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her interviews Soberano said she would would would would would would would like uh um I mean well so well to pursue a a a a a a a degree in Psychology course but in okay like like like like like like like okay uh okay you know October 2016, she confirms confirms confirms confirms confirms confirms confirms that will be studying at well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay I mean like Southville International School affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law law law law law law law in counties so so okay you know like okay Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, and well like well well well well well well well okay well well imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at um well well well well well well well like like okay okay age 17 but found lectures 'awful', 'awful', 'awful', 'awful', 'awful', 'awful', 'awful', and left in 1978 you know well um uh so I I I I I I I mean without graduating to attend the California Institute so so so so so so so um I mean okay so I mean of Technology, Technology, Technology, Technology, Technology, Technology, Technology, the following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh um you know States Army was named named named named named named named interim President of the Citadel, The Military like well well well well well well well uh okay you know well College of South South South South South South South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected as the the the the the the the so so like you know so uh 16the President by by by by by by by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in however, in however, in however, in in in in in in in however, in however, in however, in certain activities, such such such such such such such as the gathering of heavy like well well like well well well well well well well like agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is is is is is is is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at at at at at at at some time okay well so like uh okay prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current studies it has been determined that that that that that that that epiphytic well uh so um um okay bacteria generally don't don't don't don't don't don't don't harm the plant, but promote the formation uh you know well well well well well well well okay like so of ice crystals, and some produce an uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so uh auxin auxin auxin auxin auxin auxin auxin hormone which promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the the the the the the the I mean um you know like uh um activities activities activities activities activities activities activities of the UAI, follows the progress of the various uh okay well well well well well well well you know like okay projects and and and and and and and supports the Bureau in its so okay you know well well well well well well well well you know handling of the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of of of of of of of you know you know um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée Armée Armée Armée Armée Armée Armée and made you know like like like like I I I I I I I mean officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' ' ' ' ' ' ' um uh well um well okay Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn um okay okay um you know like State and graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated in 1991 the creator and executive producer of okay um um um um um um um okay you know so well two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October on October on October on October on October October October October October October October on October on October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services services services services services services services to so I mean so so uh so Smart Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves khansaheb moves khansaheb moves khansaheb moves khansaheb khansaheb khansaheb khansaheb khansaheb khansaheb khansaheb moves khansaheb moves khansaheb moves to the haweli haweli haweli haweli haweli haweli haweli with his daughter Zareena when they uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so okay come to know that that that that that that that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main the main the main the main the main the the the the the the the main the main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were were were were were were were well I mean you know um you know so so so so so so so ranked No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the the the the the the the okay uh so um like like first time time time time time time time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian so so so so so so so okay you know I mean uh okay painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol the Sunol Sunol Sunol Sunol Sunol Sunol Sunol the Sunol the Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park park park park park park park in I mean I mean okay so um um um um um um um um Alameda County, California, United States that was established in in in in in in in uh um um well uh well 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down so so so so so so so okay like uh um okay in May, May, May, May, May, May, May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that well like um um um um um um um okay you know uh the servers would stay up up up up up up up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - you you you you you you you know well okay um like so legged football fixture fixture fixture fixture fixture fixture fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 uh like you you you you you you you know I mean uh okay and July 4 between Boca Boca Boca Boca Boca Boca Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians of well well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 today, 41 today, 41 today, 41 today, today, today, today, today, today, today, 41 today, 41 today, 41 species are known, in in in in in in in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three athree athree athree athree athree athree piece piece piece piece piece piece piece japanese jazzy pop band that are signed well like I I I I I I I mean well like well to Sony Music Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead I mean well so so so so so so so so well so vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only only only only only only only after well so I mean I mean I mean okay signing signing signing signing signing signing signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over over over over over over over 1000 uh like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know New Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating creating creating creating creating creating creating employment I mean so like so uh you know for and and and and and and and acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth I mean you know know know know know know know well you know okay I mean of top shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each each each each each each each presenting so I mean well uh um okay a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave like like like like like like like like uh you know so um the mall, closing its doors doors doors doors doors doors doors in 1993; this store was um uh well like like like like like like like so I mean soon demolished for a Wal - - - - - - - Mart store like well like uh um like in in in in in in in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration camp camp camp camp camp camp camp well like um uh so um prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so I mean track was used where one side heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily banked, and uh I mean so okay like like included obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' (which I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um so like was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has has has has has has has uh well um I mean well okay been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University University University University University University University you know okay uh I mean okay I mean that that that that that that that occurs in March, often in the week uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is he is he is he is he he he he he he he is he is he is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; Beham'; Beham'; Beham'; Beham'; Beham'; Beham'; there is um like um well you know you know no no no no no no no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems seems seems seems seems seems seems so um I mean like uh you know to derive purely purely purely purely purely purely purely from the first letter of his uh uh you you you you you you you know I mean um um monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring and so I mean okay so uh you know know know know know know know by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced influenced by legend due like um so I mean like I I I I I I I mean to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds finds finds finds finds finds finds from uh uh well okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean those times; however, Zagreb does have much recorded history, displaying displaying displaying displaying displaying displaying displaying okay so like uh you know um a continuity continuity continuity continuity continuity continuity continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad is told from the perspective of of of of of of of a soldier I mean um like um so you know know know know know know know who has fought in many bloody battles only only only only only only only to like you know you know well so um um um um um um um return home to England as a beggar asking a a a a a a a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated in modern history from the University of Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence so so okay you know okay I mean and and and and and and and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab - Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli okay um okay I mean okay like conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably the the the the the the the biggest touch so well uh I mean okay like screen screen screen screen screen screen screen display ever used in a Philippine television I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well okay you know show as well as as as as as as as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second Easter Cup in December that year year year year year year year so I mean um okay like um was hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became a summon gem, and he aided aided aided aided aided aided aided Sora and like uh uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh his friends whenever they needed him, in the end end end end end end end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a child, he observed that Southerners were were were were were were were often depicted okay well um well okay like as as as as as as as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; so I I I I I I I mean well like okay um to avoid that stereotype, stereotype, stereotype, stereotype, stereotype, stereotype, stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by by by by by by by you know well well so uh um outdoor pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous so so so so so so so um uh uh well you know because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller propeller propeller propeller propeller propeller propeller um I mean um well okay um - driven driven driven driven driven driven driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game is similar to other fighters but features I I I I I I I mean I mean so like you know you know know know know know know know 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was streamripper was streamripper was streamripper was streamripper streamripper streamripper streamripper streamripper streamripper streamripper was streamripper was streamripper was started in early 2000 as as as as as as as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi was nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi nicolazzi was nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of of of of of of of Novara, and um you know um um you know you you you you you you you know during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued like like like like like like like uh well um so um undefeated streak to to to to to to to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know like 77 - - - - - - - 64, and became undisputed leader of uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well group C. Marko popovič made history history history history history history history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior the posterior the posterior the posterior the the the the the the the posterior the posterior the posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of of of of of of of neuronal projections I mean well um uh like well (axons) extending extending extending extending extending extending extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like so the hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred and thirty - two books later, later, later, later, later, later, later, she I mean uh uh well okay okay is is is is is is is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Mega Mega Mega Mega Mega Mega Millions uh so well you know well like multi-state lotto lotto lotto lotto lotto lotto lotto game, and features their own Illinois Lotto you you you you you you you know so um like well like (6 balls out of 52) 52) 52) 52) 52) 52) 52) with a smaller seven okay so you know so so so so so so so um like / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and and and and and and and Creative uh well okay uh okay I mean Designing in in in in in in in the most Creative and Innovative way. They like I mean well well well well well well well okay so okay believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and and and and and and and played well uh I mean uh you know um four years of of of of of of of college soccer at Drexel University, before being drafted okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well uh um by the MetroStars MetroStars MetroStars MetroStars MetroStars MetroStars MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her her her her her her her I mean I mean well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also also also also also also also had I mean well you know I mean like like like like like like like well requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com users users users users users users users you know you know so I mean um so by by by by by by by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable and and and and and and and usually I mean I mean okay so uh I I I I I I I mean resembles the substrate, which makes it well - - - - - - - camouflaged when like like um okay well uh stationary but more more more more more more more visible when it moves about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint Committee on on on on on on on Federal like you know so uh okay okay Relations, a a a a a a a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, Reform, a member like um well I mean okay I mean of of of of of of of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and and and and and and and okay well okay well uh okay chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is a placement in the northern well so so so so so so so like uh uh like coast of Corfu, Greece, that belongs to to to to to to to the former community I mean uh I mean well so so so so so so so you know of Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, charlottenborg Palace, charlottenborg Palace, charlottenborg Palace, charlottenborg Palace, Palace, Palace, Palace, Palace, Palace, Palace, charlottenborg Palace, charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the so so so so so so so so um okay you know you know Southwest Freeway was purchased, purchased, purchased, purchased, purchased, purchased, purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited accredited okay like you know okay so well through through through through through through through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again 'Again 'Again 'Again 'Again 'Again 'Again Schwartz Schwartz Schwartz Schwartz Schwartz Schwartz Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating eating eating eating eating eating eating okay okay I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of of of of of of of the uh okay okay okay okay so Pacific and graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated in 1928, continued his studies at um so well well you you you you you you you know well the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has it has it has it has it has has has has has has has it has it has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin snakeskin and a so um so you know okay um um um um um um um long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well um you know like in a chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling bottling bottling bottling bottling bottling bottling contract in you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know 1921, but, in part part part part part part part due to the costs of rebranding, uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on on on on on on on August uh uh so okay you know okay 3, 1954 in in in in in in in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher uh I I I I I I I mean so I mean I mean you know turned turned turned turned turned turned turned small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with well well well well well well well like you know so okay like black mine workers, it was was was was was was was from there that like uh like um well well well well well well well okay Patrice Motsepe learnt basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in in in in in in in Milan, Italy okay uh I mean you know um um um um um um um okay in 1790, generously on loan to him from the German German German German German German German uh so like okay uh okay foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben Musikleben since he was named a you know so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was was was was was was was replaced uh I mean um so um um with Television X X X X X X X Pay - Per - Night on on on on on on on Sky and on I mean okay like like like like like like like I mean okay so the same day it was taken taken taken taken taken taken taken off of Virgin Media as um okay um I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 (1404 (1404 (1404 (1404 (1404 (1404 - 1406), which was I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean fought as the contest contest contest contest contest contest contest of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct defunct defunct defunct defunct defunct defunct Australian okay um um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along skees, along skees, along skees, along skees, skees, skees, skees, skees, skees, skees, along skees, along skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', 'Jake', 'Jake', 'Jake', 'Jake', 'Jake', 'Jake', prospect for gold in okay um uh so uh okay various various various various various various various locations in the U. S. , and uh I I I I I I I mean okay so okay uh teach viewers to 'pan' 'pan' 'pan' 'pan' 'pan' 'pan' 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou although Angelou although Angelou although Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou Angelou although Angelou although Angelou although Angelou considered herself herself herself herself herself herself herself a playwright and poet when you know you know you you you you you you you know um um you know her editor Robert Loomis challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', like like um okay well well well well well well well okay she has been best known for her autobiographies, and and and and and and and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to to to to to to to parents um I mean uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of what their child is doing on social media media media media media media media sites is um uh uh like you know uh a a a a a a a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst its worst its worst its worst its its its its its its its worst its worst its worst - case time complexity complexity complexity complexity complexity complexity complexity is, but on um okay okay you know I I I I I I I mean you know average its performance is or even even even even even even even depending on the well uh like you know uh so so so so so so so random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough Knaresborough Knaresborough Knaresborough Knaresborough Knaresborough Knaresborough and Harrogate um you know okay uh I mean well well well well well well well College and became the youngest Mayor in the country in um um um um um um um uh well well you know so 1985 at the age age age age age age age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian so so so so so so so you know I mean uh so well telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is is is is is is is a okay I mean like so okay okay U U U U U U U. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the the the the the the the okay like like so I mean so California State State State State State State State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors have have have have have have have so like well uh okay okay used used used used used used used the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, the the the the the the the you know I mean so well you know you you you you you you you know Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made lee made lee made lee made lee lee lee lee lee lee lee made lee made lee made his professional debut on the the the the the the the February 22nd 2003 against Philly I mean so you you you you you you you know okay okay you know San at at Cage Cage Cage Cage Cage Cage Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard Yard Yard Yard Yard Yard Yard well I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a common common common common common common common symptom, and you know um well um well like may even even even even even even even be the third most common trigger uh you know know know know know know know um I mean you know uh to seek dental care, care, care, care, care, care, care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry from like okay uh um uh so doing so, but but but but but but but Jerry just pats him on the head again, you you you you you you you know okay you know well like uh then then then then then then then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working while working while working while working while working while while while while while while while working while working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in in in in in in in like you know well well so uh 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities minute minute minute minute minute minute minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities minute quantities of this this this this this this this pheromone can be used per acre of land well like I I I I I I I mean like well you know to confuse male male male male male male male insects about the location of their uh you know I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know female partners, it it it it it it it can thus serve as a lure like okay uh like you you you you you you you know you know in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; truce; truce; truce; truce; truce; truce; it um I mean well okay like I mean was a a a a a a a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery uh like like like like like like like you know so um okay bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters headquarters headquarters headquarters headquarters headquarters headquarters at Khang Khay and you know I mean you know I I I I I I I mean I mean um PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - you you you you you you you know I mean uh um uh like free resultant resultant resultant resultant resultant resultant resultant which it is useful both conceptually you know um um um um um um um so uh you know like and practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay well um awarded the Medal Medal Medal Medal Medal Medal Medal of Honor for his actions at um um well like like like like like like like um well the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in in in in in in in Wales, which is like um okay um well so so so so so so so part of the military is wholly Govenment funded so so um um um um um um um okay okay so and has primary responsibility for aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft crashes on high ground, you know well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's interior is decorated with marble and a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay okay staircase leads to to to to to to to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from from from from from from from well like you know uh so I mean Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical plant okay you know I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation foundation foundation foundation foundation foundation foundation well um you know like you know so and a a a a a a a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which promotes science, science, science, science, science, science, science, like so like you know um I mean mathematics, introductory introductory introductory introductory introductory introductory introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was goldsmith was goldsmith was goldsmith was goldsmith was was was was was was was goldsmith was goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his um um um um um um um so like well uh okay material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d. 1883, d d d d d d d. 1883, d. 1942) was you know okay uh well well well well well well well well so a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 1919 an you know well I mean you know you know know know know know know know uh official of the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin okay okay I mean so you know like like like like like like like Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin orit Rozin orit Rozin orit Rozin orit Rozin Rozin Rozin Rozin Rozin Rozin Rozin orit Rozin orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; scholar; scholar; scholar; scholar; scholar; scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in you you you you you you you know um well like well well its architectural ensemble, particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly particularly as it is one of the few places okay okay you know know know know know know know I mean um um that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Boby Boby Boby Boby Boby Boby Burke you know you know like like uh so so so so so so so and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those those those those those those those okay I mean I mean you know uh uh who who who who who who who were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so I mean um. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents represents represents represents represents represents represents the okay so like you know well uh lower lower lower lower lower lower lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for excellence while the the the the the the the uh so I mean so so like book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the Washington the the the the the the the Washington the Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like so well um a ConferenceBike that that that that that that that was donated by Eric Staller's father, uh okay you you you you you you you know okay uh uh that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, Chicago, I mean well like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', you know um um um um um um um you know you know so you know a new version of of of of of of of IChat, based on the industry well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for for for for for for for the first like I mean uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in commercial operations, operations, operations, operations, operations, operations, operations, you know um so uh you know like including including including including including including including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, since 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, since 2005, since 2005, she has been chair of the the the the the the the Tate Members I mean you know you know know know know know know know uh okay you know Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, 2006, in 2006, in 2006, in 2006, Slean teamed up with video video video video video video video director Nelson Chan okay uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create create create create create create create a three part you know well okay um um um um um um um um well short film 'Tales of of of of of of of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started jung started jung started jung started jung started started started started started started started jung started jung started her career as a VJ on on on on on on on Play so like so um well uh TV in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know well you you you you you you you know a airplane with no power source, which is is is is is is is so so so I mean I mean well towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Migration suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 25, 000 I mean like um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Sudanese are living in London, whilst a fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly vague I mean you know so I mean uh uh estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house okay okay I I I I I I I mean well like well the crowds packing in in in in in in in to watch legendary coach Gay I mean okay I mean I I I I I I I mean like well Kintner chase his fourth state title at the the the the the the the helm so so you know well um uh of the the the the the the the Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is about about about about about about about a young I mean like um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know boy, who dies and then his favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite math teacher observes, uh uh like okay like like like like like like like okay that he hardly knew him, he was only an an an an an an an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from American country country country country country country country singer like you know I mean well so well Faith Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the at the at the at the at the the the the the the the at the at the time, many people did not know know know know know know know their actual so well like you know um so birth records; records; records; records; records; records; records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is the third largest city in the the the the the the the Eastern like so like um I mean like Province, after after after after after after after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing of uh uh okay uh I mean um two majer majer majer majer majer majer majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have so like like um um um um um um um I mean so been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an an an an an an an um like so well so okay exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn rumer Glenn rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an an an an an an an okay okay you know okay okay well American actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 you know know know know know know know um well you know I mean uh winner, the oldest daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August on August on August on August on on on on on on on August on August on August 27, 1902, he he he he he he he married Miss Olive Knowles I mean so like I I I I I I I mean um I mean Hornbrook who helped helped helped helped helped helped helped him with his work, acting as a skilled so you you you you you you you know uh I mean like you know technician, and and and and and and and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to to to to to to to well like so so uh uh a a a a a a a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and okay like like like like like like like well like okay uh ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to to to to to to to leave a child you know uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with well like like like like like like like you know okay okay so the Bishop Museum and spent spent spent spent spent spent spent the next 60 years uh um um um um like like like like like like like roaming the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught self taught self taught self taught self taught taught taught taught taught taught taught self taught self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built built built built built built built five aircraft at okay you know um you you you you you you you know uh um his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made he made he made he made he made made made made made made made he made he made his debut as as as as as as as a half - time substitute you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um for Luke Howell in a 2 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 2 away draw well like uh like like I I I I I I I mean with Exeter City on 8 March March March March March March March 2014 before being like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge scavenge scavenge scavenge scavenge scavenge scavenge what um okay so I mean uh well he can can can can can can can on a beached ship, leaving his you know know know know know know know you know okay like like um son to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name the name the name the name the name name name name name name name the name the name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like like like and 'Parody' and, and, and, and, and, and, and, eponymously, the game is a parody I mean you know I I I I I I I mean so you know okay of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique contribution to to to to to to to uh so uh uh okay um his family genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S you know know know know know know know well okay like um like. Managing Editor managing managing managing managing managing managing managing Editor managing Editor managing Editor managing Editor managing managing managing managing managing managing managing Editor managing Editor and before that, Editor of the the the the the the the FT's Continental European okay like I mean like like like like like like like so um edition (2000 - 2002), during during during during during during during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing the hindwing the hindwing the hindwing the the the the the the the hindwing the hindwing the hindwing is in the apical half half half half half half half of uh okay uh I mean I mean like the the the the the the the cell and short apically truncate streaks in the I mean um well well well well well well well I mean like well interspaces beyond white; these broad streaks streaks streaks streaks streaks streaks streaks broad are divided only by like well you you you you you you you know well like you know the black veins, followed followed followed followed followed followed followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April on April on April on April on April April April April April April April on April on April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations operations operations operations operations operations operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh involves closing or holding the arms around the neck, back, so so so so so so so uh well like well well or waist of another person; if if if if if if if more than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not continue continue continue continue continue continue continue uh like like well you know okay their quest until until until until until until until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like with added enzymes to modify modify modify modify modify modify modify and transform their chemical composition and like you you you you you you you know like um well well pH. Invertases and s into into into into into into into honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey jeffrey Guy jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a a a a a a a former so well okay um I mean you know know know know know know know water polo player who won a silver medal medal medal medal medal medal medal for uh well you know uh so okay the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her her her her her her her you know so well well well you know daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down you know so so so so so so so okay uh I mean well entirely on the the the the the the the highway, even going so far as to I mean I mean well well well well well well well um you know um stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for for for for for for for his so like like you know so uh own ends while while while while while while while the original Heat attempted to well I mean you know know know know know know know well okay um protect her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and you know know know know know know know okay I mean uh so you know the Eighth Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit Circuit had ruled that the state you know okay like like like like like like like um like uh would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing so so so so so so so well well um well okay and they announced announced announced announced announced announced announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which you know know know know know know know you know okay so well okay appeared in 188 A A A A A A A. D. In 187 B. C he you know um um um um um um um um well um um wrote 'Education of the Rural Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' Poor' which argued um like like you know uh I I I I I I I mean for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker Funnelbeaker okay um okay um okay okay culture named named named named named named named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, like um um um um um um um uh so I mean like which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there is little to no information regarding possibly um um um um um um um um well okay well okay one of the greatest taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy taxidermy firms in the world, apart from um I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean well P. A A A A A A A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and and and and and and and jaggery, and like like um you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani Konkani Konkani Konkani Konkani Konkani Konkani people konkani people konkani people konkani people konkani people people people people people people people konkani people konkani people prepare like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um patolyos on the second Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný dagný dagný dagný dagný dagný dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August August August August August August August 1991) is an okay well well I mean well well well well well well well well Icelandic footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and and and and and and and um like well I mean you know so grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in Ireland, Ireland, Ireland, Ireland, Ireland, Ireland, Ireland, uh like uh um I mean you know he enlisted in in in in in in in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats cats cats cats cats cats cats and uh so um um well okay a mortgage making making making making making making making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what what what what what what what uh okay well so I mean so so so so so so so she wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film film film film film film film um so uh um well um 'Ebb Tide', Tide', Tide', Tide', Tide', Tide', Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator well um um um um um um um uh uh um um Maxfield Parrish, who designed and built built built built built built built his estate, the Oaks, um you know I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist so so so so so so so like uh so uh well Nicki Minaj and American American American American American American American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act was repealed in 1962, but by I I I I I I I mean uh um uh um okay this time, much of of of of of of of the language and traditions had uh uh well you you you you you you you know you know okay been either corrupted or lost, but a a a a a a a few kaumatua like uh um like I mean uh and and and and and and and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen you you you you you you you know um okay um uh you know to serve and and and and and and and accompany Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane so so um um um um um um um uh I mean like and Dortujla to meet the the the the the the the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head head head head head head head um um you know I mean well well coach and and and and and and and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction in in in in in in in large um so like well you know okay ground ground ground ground ground ground ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse so well okay like like like like like like like okay okay effects from water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved out of his parents' house, dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped out of high like well um um you know okay school, and and and and and and and began working as a gas station attendant; you know well you you you you you you you know um uh um he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days three days three days three days three three three three three three three days three days three days later, the monk monk monk monk monk monk monk Hyo - Jeon asked for follow um um um um um um um well so um so um - up action to the president of of of of of of of the college but you know well you you you you you you you know uh like uh Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From like like like like like like like uh like well so so 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains contains contains contains contains contains contains 135 well you know okay I mean um um um um um um um uh flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and and and and and and and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine however, Francine however, Francine however, Francine however, however, however, however, however, however, however, Francine however, Francine however, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out out out out out out out in laughter and express well uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, affairs, affairs, affairs, affairs, affairs, affairs, though they also uh like um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download on 3 so um um um um um um um you know uh well um June 2010 and and and and and and and was released as the third well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay and final single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves and and and and and and and so you know you know uh uh you know George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League League League League League League League a like so I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean record of 13 times and they are second overall overall overall overall overall overall overall with um uh like like uh like 45 titles, including nine nine nine nine nine nine nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 1983 and 1986, uh like uh you know um um lasting lasting lasting lasting lasting lasting lasting seven issues, and it filled an important role so so so so so so so like I mean okay uh um at the time, giving new new new new new new new creators a chance to you know I mean you know you you you you you you you know okay so develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets his duets his duets his duets his his his his his his his duets his duets his duets and collaborations both on on on on on on on stage and in the I mean okay okay I mean you you you you you you you know so studio with other artists have been extensive and and and and and and and he has um um like okay so um worked worked worked worked worked worked worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, Marianne um okay you you you you you you you know uh um um Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former the former the former the former the the the the the the the former the former the former was one of of of of of of of the 48 constellations okay um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while while while while while while while the latter was I mean okay okay like okay I I I I I I I mean first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić um um um um um um um okay um so like um (née Joanides), was the mother mother mother mother mother mother mother of son of King Milan like okay you know know know know know know know like um um Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', 59', 59', 59', 59', 59', 59', the so uh like uh well uh show can can can can can can can be seen for thirty minutes and well you know know know know know know know you know um um I mean competes with another another another another another another another half - hour production airing at the same same same same same same same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' Jesus' baptism, uh okay like well well you know that that that that that that that in the nativity scene the statue of the uh um like so so so so so so so I mean you know baby Jesus shows him standing and and and and and and and there are so uh um like so so three crosses crosses crosses crosses crosses crosses crosses depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um well with some of the largest, such as as as as as as as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and well well you know uh so so so so so so so so nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was was was was was was was formed um like so so well um um um um um um um and a year later it was renamed the Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Mountain uh like I mean so well okay Land Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy Conservancy and has expanded its area of focus to include include include include include include include um so like I mean well I mean Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church in you you you you you you you know so uh okay um you know Blackpool, while in in in in in in in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational you know well well well well well well well you know like I mean so and academic courses courses courses courses courses courses courses which can be taken at various uh uh you know so so so so so so so um so academic and vocational levels from a subject discipline, discipline, discipline, discipline, discipline, discipline, discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three - - - - - - - you know okay okay like okay okay year, $ 60 million million million million million million million contract extension instead of the I mean um you you you you you you you know well um like four year maximum as it allotted him the the the the the the the option of I mean so I mean you you you you you you you know okay I mean seeking a new contract worth worth worth worth worth worth worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under under under under under under under the um I mean okay um uh uh leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had again well well well well well well well you know like you know I mean uh been been been been been been been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the okay like um um um um um um um so so well Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes well well well well well well well so you know so I mean um of the city, including including including including including including including Native American, art deco, and so um you know know know know know know know okay okay so contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling swirling swirling swirling swirling swirling swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and and and and and and and would well um um okay so so have been lost lost lost lost lost lost lost when it nearly met its end in okay well you know know know know know know know so um well the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, so so so so so so so like so so uh like United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules football, football, football, football, football, football, football, the I mean I mean okay you know um you know code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the University of of of of of of of like I mean like like uh like Southern California California California California California California California in 1948, established his golf course you know um I I I I I I I mean so so well architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya um um um um um um um I mean well okay uh you know and Mauritius, her mother mother mother mother mother mother mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can can can can can can can expand like like um like like uh their career career career career career career career opportunities these students expect that a degree I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like well like from a prestigious college college college college college college college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced produced produced produced produced produced produced by okay uh well you know you know okay neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the vast like like like like like like like well okay like so okay majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service as as as as as as as HMS 'Rolla' and well well well like you know know know know know know know okay she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; ship; ship; ship; ship; ship; ship; when uh well so well like um she came to to to to to to to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 1928 1928 1928 1928 1928 1928 so okay uh well um I mean by Dr. Gaston Gaston Gaston Gaston Gaston Gaston Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its in its in its in its in its its its its its its its in its in its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise uh I I I I I I I mean well uh you know okay held in the the the the the the the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first okay okay um um um um um um um I mean like you know units of the United United United United United United United States Marines Corps to participated in like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed directed directed directed directed directed directed by uh I mean well well well um Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze Blaze Blaze Blaze Blaze Blaze Blaze so you know um you know you know know know know know know know uh / Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley Bentley Bentley Bentley Bentley Bentley Bentley as you know um uh like well like the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New okay um um um um um um um like okay um like Zealand politician and leader of of of of of of of the populist New Zealand okay so well you know know know know know know know so I mean First party which he founded in 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, 1993, and served uh like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and and and and and and and like um I mean so well like made the highest highest highest highest highest highest highest score of his career, his okay okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania in like I mean okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the the the the the the the location of um I mean um so okay okay the the the the the the the bandstand demolished during the second world war, and as okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know uh um part of the the the the the the the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's I I I I I I I mean okay um you know uh well palace, fits another stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving well um like like like like like like like uh like okay their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so like um spot for Connecticut's Connecticut's Connecticut's Connecticut's Connecticut's Connecticut's Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the you you you you you you you know I mean uh like so you know 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 like like like like like like like um I mean so okay uh million and $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - - - - - - - Defense uh I mean um um you know so so so so so so so and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on on on on on on on uh I mean you know you know you know so her memoirs, memoirs, memoirs, memoirs, memoirs, memoirs, memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned to the the the the the the the uh uh um uh okay uh struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most of them speak the local Oromo, Oromo, Oromo, Oromo, Oromo, Oromo, Oromo, Harari um well you know um so I mean or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like uh lee of the Bonaire, Bonaire, Bonaire, Bonaire, Bonaire, Bonaire, Bonaire, has the same geological history, and um well like um so so so so so so so like while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's Bonaire's surface um uh like um uh I mean is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a well I I I I I I I mean okay uh like well son, on December 27, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in in in in in in in the you know well um so uh okay North East of of of of of of of England and Scotland, in addition okay so you know know know know know know know like like I mean to a lot of non-Buddhist groups groups groups groups groups groups groups and individual visitors, including well uh okay like like like like like like like okay uh school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten Neubauten Neubauten Neubauten Neubauten Neubauten Neubauten ( I mean um well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city was founded in the early um so well well well well well well well uh you know like 20th century, and since the 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s has been continually well um I mean so well well well well well well well you know enlarged by Egyptian and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest rest rest rest rest rest rest of Oregon, uh well okay um well okay the the the the the the the early economic orientation of Lake County was well you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay okay toward California: both the the the the the the the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from from from from from from from uh you know I mean well so um her dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum the Museum the Museum the Museum the Museum the the the the the the the Museum the Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea behind the high class health care institution in in in in in in in um like well um uh uh Pakistan was conceived in in in in in in in New York, USA in the mid like well um um um um um um um okay okay I mean of 1985. After consistent discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions and meet ups, the present so uh I mean I I I I I I I mean you know well site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who who who who who who who held Hemingstone manor um um uh uh uh um in Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, foot, foot, foot, foot, foot, foot, one room business office you know well like I I I I I I I mean like you know with several windows and and and and and and and a fireplace used by Dr like okay I mean so so so so so so so well okay. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in in in in in in in Ta' Xbiex, okay well I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh also back then part of Sliema, by the same Testaferrata Testaferrata Testaferrata Testaferrata Testaferrata Testaferrata Testaferrata like so uh I mean well uh family but was was was was was was was demolished in 1989 and the exact location like um um um um um um um um um well okay it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh uh October 23, 1884, starting starting starting starting starting starting starting out as a weekly you know uh you know know know know know know know like like well newspaper, after the paper was acquired by by by by by by by Ansil Daniel um uh well I mean I mean okay Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches well well well well well well well so so like well uh at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as as as as as as as her lover, okay so okay so you know okay and used used used used used used used her as a messenger, asking her so like well like like like like like like like okay uh to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of the press thought he should remain England you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean captain, but he was replaced as Test captain by by by by by by by Jardine, well like um uh um well who was not not not not not not not a popular choice; the selectors chose like so um um um um um um um I mean okay uh Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, his father, his father, his father, his father, father, father, father, father, father, father, his father, his father, a former semi-pro soccer player, player, player, player, player, player, player, is from Haiti um like uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um whilst his mother is of Greek heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage through her grandfather uh um you know okay well well well well well well well so Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay I mean um feed industry industry industry industry industry industry industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is resiliency is resiliency is resiliency is resiliency is is is is is is is resiliency is resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the the the the the the the 'ability to I mean like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the with the with the with the the the the the the the with the with the with the war with france looming looming looming looming looming looming looming Truxtun was appointed captain like you know you know know know know know know know like I mean I mean in the newly newly newly newly newly newly newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, and you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know well during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and and and and and and and commune you know uh uh well uh um of north north north north north north north - western France, in the 'département' of Côtes like I I I I I I I mean okay okay you know you know - d'Armor, on on on on on on on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Nineveh Province (Iraq), well like um I mean I mean so roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the well well well well well well well you know I mean like okay well School of Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes imposes imposes imposes imposes imposes imposes its presence like well so I mean like I mean on on on on on on on its surroundings in an expression of the family's power power power power power power power well so like you know um um and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character of of of of of of of um I mean you know um so so the the the the the the the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in in in in in in in silent I mean well you know like like like like like like like you know I mean films, silhouettes have been used used used used used used used to dramatic effect in I mean well well well well well well well um you know like um many movies, including many many many many many many many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and you you you you you you you know I mean uh so um um retail trade sector sector sector sector sector sector sector have 13 % of the population okay you know um um um um um um um well uh uh working within each which, so these these these these these these these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, mr. Parsons, mr. Parsons, mr. Parsons, mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Parsons, mr. Parsons, mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his his his his his his his son like like um well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Roger were all aboard the balloon; the two adults adults adults adults adults adults adults um I mean well okay like um died when the the the the the the the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of of of of of of of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Tilleard uh I mean so so um I I I I I I I mean Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 1906 1906 1906 1906 1906 1906 at well like you know um you know well a a a a a a a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with with with with with with with well you know so uh like um a special 'god 'god 'god 'god 'god 'god 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that was you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean okay I mean used to kill Orion) Orion) Orion) Orion) Orion) Orion) Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether or um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like not the bullet killed killed killed killed killed killed killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen Berggruen Berggruen Berggruen Berggruen Berggruen Berggruen well you know you know like you know okay whom whom whom whom whom whom whom she met in the city, she and Rivera reconciled um um um um um um um I mean so uh well well and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about about about about about about about Larry on you know um well like so so television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is is is is is is is loosely so okay you know I mean um you know know know know know know know based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Sunnybrook Farm' so so uh uh uh so and tells tells tells tells tells tells tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and um like like like like like like like um okay you know so tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Caterham Academy okay I mean okay okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', lucifer's Call', lucifer's Call', lucifer's Call', lucifer's Call', Call', Call', Call', Call', Call', Call', lucifer's Call', lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - - - - - - - playing well you know I mean like like um video video video video video video video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, like like like like like like like you know like well so I mean published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of San San San San San San San you know like you know so you know well well well well well well well Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and and and and and and and father of like you know like you know like like like like like like like well Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in a so um well so um like Washington, D. C C C C C C C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season with with with with with with with the Bayhawks, like um like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Hubbard suffered a back injury and was unable to to to to to to to play so so you know like okay I mean the the the the the the the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to um I I I I I I I mean so you know well you know Australia along along along along along along along with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well like um on 20 February, making camp at at at at at at at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view view view view view view view I mean I mean well so like you you you you you you you know of the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting suggesting suggesting suggesting suggesting suggesting suggesting that okay well uh um I mean okay insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 B. C) so uh so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Emporer Jing established an administration in Dangyang on an areas areas areas areas areas areas areas of well you know like like uh okay 2000 square square square square square square square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love with with with with with with with okay like well I mean so um Susan Storm, she she she she she she she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, like like like like like like like well um you know so like which is originated, used for for for for for for for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- actor actor actor actor actor actor actor I mean um I mean I mean so well well well well well well well and former Governor of California as host; the the the the the the the okay you know so well okay uh show's former host, host, host, host, host, host, host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave well like I I I I I I I mean okay uh so 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of of of of of of of the U uh well like I mean okay well. S S S S S S S. Marines, who had recently been driven out of of of of of of of Los I mean um you know um okay like like like like like like like Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along along along along along along along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active active active active active active active uh uh I mean so uh so in the the the the the the the late 11th and early 12th centuries, and I mean um um um um um um um so so well um is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, known, known, known, known, known, known, joined the um you know okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Opera so like um I mean like you know Guild Guild Guild Guild Guild Guild Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island has working coast artillery guns on on on on on on on it but unbeknowst uh so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, Kingdom, are like okay you know you know uh like very very very very very very very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder well well well well well well well like uh uh uh you know and the first senior senior senior senior senior senior senior bishop of the Colored so like you know know know know know know know um you know so Methodist Episcopal Church in America, a Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the number number number number number number number of um um you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and and and and and and and appear in um okay okay like I mean uh portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the Audley Audley Audley Audley Audley Audley Audley okay I mean like like um like Club, housing facilities such such such such such such such as treatment rooms, swimming pool and like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies hannah applies hannah hannah hannah hannah hannah hannah hannah applies hannah applies make - up to Melissa, Melissa, Melissa, Melissa, Melissa, Melissa, Melissa, who being so uh you know okay like like like like like like like like so weak can't open the lip gloss; in a montage montage montage montage montage montage montage uh you know you know uh um uh of of of of of of of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking like okay okay I I I I I I I mean uh well out, etc. , and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced um so you you you you you you you know um you know like by Lockie, and his team team team team team team team started the 1960 -- um well like um you you you you you you you know okay 61 season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, you you you you you you you know I mean like um okay okay is a a a a a a a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays so like uh you you you you you you you know like well for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name name name name name name name between you know well well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He but He but He but He He He He He He He but He but He but He was not awarded awarded awarded awarded awarded awarded awarded as Best Actor of the so um you know okay well well well well well well well well year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews left okay um like you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who kaikeyi, who kaikeyi, who kaikeyi, who kaikeyi, who who who who who who who kaikeyi, who kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly drove I mean okay like I mean you know know know know know know know well the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly 'Shortly well okay you know uh um um after the the the the the the the team published its first results in so well um I I I I I I I mean um okay 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Florey, Chain's head of department, well okay so you know I I I I I I I mean um to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet you you you you you you you know so well I mean so uh or meteorite impact event event event event event event event located in between or to the um um um um um um um um like okay uh okay east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced values, values, values, values, values, values, values, the method uh so you know um like well used used used used used used used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 (1875 - okay okay you know you know um you know know know know know know know 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was eighteen years old when his father father father father father father father died, and so a okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book I I I I I I I mean well well okay so so - keeping, conveyancing and and and and and and and practical farming, but soon disgraced I mean uh you know know know know know know know like you know um himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in so well well well well well well well okay well um okay Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided okay so I I I I I I I mean like okay well land and the cemetery although it is is is is is is is now uh I mean so well like okay officially officially officially officially officially officially officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan uh you you you you you you you know like okay I mean okay in 1964 and entered entered entered entered entered entered entered Michigan State University, where he okay okay uh I I I I I I I mean well um was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace the Palace the Palace the Palace Palace Palace Palace Palace Palace Palace the Palace the Palace the Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev Mirbabayev Mirbabayev Mirbabayev Mirbabayev Mirbabayev Mirbabayev is a palace owned by Seyid so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um I mean Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Baku, Baku, Baku, Baku, Baku, Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in in in in in in in I mean uh uh you know like uh 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal the metal the metal the metal the the the the the the the metal the metal the metal is extracted from its principal principal principal principal principal principal principal mineral ores by the well so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like Kroll and Hunter process es. The most common common common common common common common compound, titanium dioxide, um um I mean like you know know know know know know know um is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and and and and and and and disarms Goodspeed, like so like um I mean so but but but but but but but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- you you you you you you you know well like uh so so 24 January 2012) was was was was was was was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds omar reminds omar reminds omar reminds omar reminds reminds reminds reminds reminds reminds reminds omar reminds omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by by by by by by by finding so I mean like um well uh a a a a a a a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The okay so so so so so so so okay um I mean I mean first animals were born in the the the the the the the water, like well uh okay I mean so so so so so so so by the influence of the sun. Aetios V V V V V V V aetios V aetios V aetios V aetios V aetios aetios aetios aetios aetios aetios aetios V aetios V 19, 4 you know well you you you you you you you know I mean like well The human being was supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed by Anaximander to have sprung well I mean okay well well well well well well well like you know from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the other famous church is the protest church church church church church church church okay you know uh I mean uh uh named named named named named named named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of so you you you you you you you know I mean so um well its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like uh Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 (in previews) and well uh okay so okay like officially on on on on on on on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department Department Department Department Department Department Department of well like so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, carbonate, carbonate, carbonate, carbonate, carbonate, carbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium Potassium nitrate, Potassium so so uh like well uh thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat the boat the boat the boat the boat the the the the the the the boat the boat is close hauled, with the sail sail sail sail sail sail sail set um uh you know well uh like at, at, at, at, at, at, at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent okay well I I I I I I I mean uh so uh wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any well well well well well well well well you know okay you know like page listed in in in in in in in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt salt salt salt salt salt salt is a well like so so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay colourless to white (although often coloured by impurities, like like like like like like like um I mean so uh well you know iron substituting substituting substituting substituting substituting substituting substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle um um um okay um um um um um um um okay - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first its first its first its first its its its its its its its first its first its first parade was held May 5, 1868, 1868, 1868, 1868, 1868, 1868, 1868, you know I mean well um well well well well well well well well and the town has held it every year since; okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean so however, the the the the the the the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 55 55 55 55 55 55 A well you know um okay okay like reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself and and and and and and and you know um like uh I mean um used to to to to to to to burn whoever opposes him with fire, he you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean um so so so so so so so was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative degradative degradative degradative degradative degradative degradative chitinases related to um um well you know know know know know know know uh you know their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, in so so so so so so so okay uh uh so I mean the Horton Horton Horton Horton Horton Horton Horton Plains in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed reviewed well so you know you know well like BART's policies and and and and and and and procedures in the process of overseeing I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay I mean like the BART BART BART BART BART BART BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life Life Life Life Life Life Life to Live' um so okay like I mean like all all all all all all all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century um you know know know know know know know I mean uh you know um during the life life life life life life life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) so so so so like like like like like like like well number of adherents of Islam has lived in you you you you you you you know like like I mean well uh Asia and specially South South South South South South South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are dozens puzzles to solve that that that that that that that open approximately 50 like like um you know okay well well well well well well well locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of like so so so so so so so um you know you know I mean the fifth series of of of of of of of 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well okay his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the high high high high high high high jump behind Irving um you know uh um um so so so so so so so Baxter of the United States, and the bronze medal in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean okay I mean the long jump jump jump jump jump jump jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, I mean you know know know know know know know like okay well you know he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship the ship the ship the ship the the the the the the the ship the ship the ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - - - - - - - uh I mean well so well so Jua, Helen A A A A A A A. Neville Page 211 - 226 uh um um uh like like like like like like like well The Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born Born Born Born Born Born Born like well you know like uh um aided in securing securing securing securing securing securing securing the right of a number of I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division Division Division Division Division Division Division 1 you know you know like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like like the mean trajectory passes many millions millions millions millions millions millions millions of kilometers from um uh like like so like like like like like like like Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the so so so so so so so you know I mean you know uh like books sell sell sell sell sell sell sell more than a million copies annually, several new I I I I I I I mean you know you know well you know um volumes volumes volumes volumes volumes volumes volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you know what it means not to know what what what what what what what um uh like I mean so like to do? ' Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham was graham was graham was graham was graham was was was was was was was graham was graham was ultimately convicted while the informant informant informant informant informant informant informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran ran ran ran ran ran ran alongside okay okay okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because so so so so so so so you know you know well like well it it it it it it it was the first permanent Spanish military center, so so so so so so so okay um you know I mean you know but the the the the the the the Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried tried tried tried tried tried tried um so okay um uh okay BRD, and another editor attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted attempted a partial rollback, and an RfC, I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know well then when that didn't work, work, work, work, work, work, work, we worked on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase chase chase chase chase chase chase approaching um okay um well uh you know the Burbank, Burbank, Burbank, Burbank, Burbank, Burbank, Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends with the fugitive okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um okay crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know okay uh in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have terraces I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean you know I mean or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, February, February, February, February, February, February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so okay for FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in in in in in in in so like well I mean like um 1832, and following following following following following following following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper upper upper upper upper upper upper - class residential uh well like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an an an an an an an English actress, so well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny Moneypenny Moneypenny Moneypenny Moneypenny Moneypenny Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in New York uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know like um City, United States; States; States; States; States; States; States; however, the brand is far more famous so well well well well well well well okay uh okay I mean in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 he took his family with him uh well you you you you you you you know well um you know to the mines at Burjassot Burjassot Burjassot Burjassot Burjassot Burjassot Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next well so so uh so so so so so so so okay year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib Ghraib Ghraib Ghraib Ghraib Ghraib Ghraib prison well um you know um you know like which which which which which which which was the site of abuse and executions of political so so so so so so so like you know uh you know uh dissidents dissidents dissidents dissidents dissidents dissidents dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean okay um of prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners prisoners by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym uh um um um um um um um okay I mean okay okay for Tishbe: the the the the the the the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay I mean uh Connersville, Indiana) is is is is is is is an American actor who is perhaps well so so so so so so so I mean uh uh well best known for his recurring recurring recurring recurring recurring recurring recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators Decorators Decorators Decorators Decorators Decorators Decorators and uh like you know so well you know Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers Designers Association in 1966 and after merging with the International Interior Interior Interior Interior Interior Interior Interior uh so I mean you know okay well Design Design Design Design Design Design Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening of the new arena was attended by by by by by by by like you know you know like so well over over over over over over over 17, 000 people, who paid up to $ uh you you you you you you you know well okay like you know 50 for for for for for for for tickets to the event, including J so well uh you you you you you you you know like I mean. P. Morgan, p. Morgan, p. Morgan, p p p p p p p. Morgan, p. Morgan, p. Morgan, p. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard Lochard Lochard Lochard Lochard Lochard Lochard pascal Lochard pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is is is is is is is a Canadian football uh I mean I mean well like like like like like like like I mean running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, in Australia, in Australia, in Australia, in in in in in in in Australia, in Australia, in Australia, men's rights discourse has has has has has has has influenced government policy documents; I mean I mean um I I I I I I I mean well I mean less impact has been noted noted noted noted noted noted noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- like uh um um um um um um um uh okay uh October 28, 1870), also known as as as as as as as Ceran de um so so uh well um Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault Hault de Lassus de St. Vrain, was a major major major major major major major fur like I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean trader near Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A doctrine doctrine doctrine doctrine doctrine doctrine doctrine like okay like so um um which originates in the degradation degradation degradation degradation degradation degradation degradation of the individual whose elimination okay like you know know know know know know know well so um is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes substitutes substitutes substitutes substitutes substitutes substitutes economic well I mean uh so well so entities such such such such such such such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can be so so so so so so so uh so okay well you know represented by a certain fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy set. One might one might one might one might one might might might might might might might one might one might define the like you know like like like like like like like well so uh glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a a a a a a a you know okay well I mean I mean um um um um um um um duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Giel Giel Giel Giel Giel Giel uh well okay well okay okay Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd george Todd george Todd george Todd george Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd george Todd george Todd is an English professional rugby league league league league league league league I mean like well um I mean like footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who played in the 1930s, playing at you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like you know representative level level level level level level level for England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol the Patrol the Patrol the Patrol the Patrol Patrol Patrol Patrol Patrol Patrol Patrol the Patrol the Patrol Division is responsible for patroling patroling patroling patroling patroling patroling patroling the approximately forty I mean like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay square mile town twent - four hours hours hours hours hours hours hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the Marmon Marmon Marmon Marmon Marmon Marmon Marmon okay so I mean uh well uh Group Group Group Group Group Group Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz Hertz Hertz Hertz Hertz Hertz Hertz henrik Hertz henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February February February February February February February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra late Narendra late Narendra late Narendra late Narendra Narendra Narendra Narendra Narendra Narendra Narendra late Narendra late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a a a a a a a prominent freedom fighter, who like I mean okay um um um um um um um well you know played a key role during the freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient an ancient an ancient an ancient an ancient an ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient an ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family was was was was was was was first um you know well you know you know like like like like like like like recognized by the crown during the reign of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped hollings helped hollings helped hollings helped hollings hollings hollings hollings hollings hollings hollings helped hollings helped hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for for for for for for for International so so okay like okay well Dialogue, an an an an an an an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another after another after another after another after another another another another another another another after another after another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev Rev Rev Rev Rev Rev Rev. George so george so george so george so george george george george george george george so george so george so you know I mean well well well well well well well okay I mean Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and and and and and and and um I mean okay okay so I mean lobbied lobbied lobbied lobbied lobbied lobbied lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that he was actually actually actually actually actually actually actually so like well well uh um promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served served served served served served served in like you know uh um so like the Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Confederate Army or not, tradition states that I mean um uh well well well well well well well I mean um he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major like like like like like like like okay so like uh well party presidential nominee, but but but but but but but lost the election to Barack Obama so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like by 332 -- 206 electoral votes votes votes votes votes votes votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) Sweden) is uh like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke broke broke broke broke broke broke out in September 1939 you know I mean uh like you you you you you you you know you know Ireland was in no position to to to to to to to become involved, in fact okay um um uh so well well well well well well well some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious infectious infectious infectious infectious infectious infectious disease okay so like uh I mean okay and public public public public public public public health community, in the US particularly their professional uh so so so so so so so you know you know so I mean organizations like like like like like like like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, so so okay um I mean like 1615) was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 so so so so so so so uh so um I mean like May 2017) was was was was was was was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic uh well uh I I I I I I I mean okay well champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, Berlin, Berlin, Berlin, Berlin, Berlin, Berlin, former world record like um I mean so I I I I I I I mean um - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match the match the match the match the match match match match match match match the match the match was also the last last last last last last last to be covered on uh well I mean you know know know know know know know like I mean the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed closed closed closed closed closed closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New well well well well well well well you know so so well uh Zealand) is is is is is is is a New Zealand professional basketball player who who who who who who who currently plays uh so so okay you know well for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, in 1883, in 1883, in 1883, in 1883, in in in in in in in 1883, in 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 1883 1883 1883 1883 1883 1883 by the uh you know uh okay like like Walthamstow Walthamstow Walthamstow Walthamstow Walthamstow Walthamstow Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in West Avenue, you you you you you you you know like so like um I mean which was was was was was was was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little very little very little very little very little little little little little little little very little very little has been documented about this this this this this this this breed, and you know um okay um um so so so so so so so they are not a recognized pure - breed in the the the the the the the Australian um um um so like um Canine Council, however Old Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers and specialist breeders keep so you know uh well well well well well well well well okay the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri I I I I I I I mean like so I mean so well officially moved moved moved moved moved moved moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home so so so so so so so so like so like um in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened likened likened likened likened likened likened Stewart so I mean well so you know okay to 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart gave like like like like like like like like you know like um um him, saying, ' The The The The The The The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know okay a failure as as as as as as as businessman and has steered the so uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um catering business bestowed to him by his father to the the the the the the the so you know well like like well brink of of of of of of of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he did not have a chance to defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal rate of return (IRR) or like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know economic rate of return (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) (ERR) is a rate of return used uh well um um um um um um um um okay you know in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition combined uh you know I mean well uh so with his his his his his his his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought out so um like like like like like like like okay I mean like bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances and has been I mean okay like okay um um um um um um um you know featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, in addition, in addition, in addition, in in in in in in in addition, in addition, in addition, Dodin has won won won won won won won 7 ITF singles titles I mean like you know know know know know know know well uh you know on the ITF Women's Circuit and and and and and and and has reached the I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins Féminins Féminins Féminins Féminins Féminins Féminins de la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island supports a small population that has been so so so so so so so okay well I mean I mean well whaling for for for for for for for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well well 'Black Pearl' as the the the the the the the crew abandons the ship, and I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), you you you you you you you know I mean so so you know you know know know know know know know the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a so well like like like like like like like well well okay Welsh television, film, stage and voice actress actress actress actress actress actress actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some some some some some some some of you know um you know um well so so so so so so so his subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has has has has has has has so okay so okay you know so been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type of Mood' is a song written I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh like uh and performed performed performed performed performed performed performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in in in in in in in the I mean you know so like um you know know know know know know know Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership its leadership its leadership its leadership its leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership its leadership its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, Ankole, Ankole, Ankole, Ankole, Ankole, Ankole, like okay well um I mean you know believed to have have have have have have have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty well okay uh uh um um um um um um um so in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an an an an an an an like uh okay okay you know well improved version which which which which which which which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional professional professional professional professional professional professional you know like so I mean so okay ice hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for I I I I I I I mean uh uh um uh so CNN International, based at at at at at at at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm audit firm audit firm audit firm audit audit audit audit audit audit audit firm audit firm audit firm Nexia BT, is the the the the the the the Mossack Fonseca franchise I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes he pushes he pushes he pushes he he he he he he he pushes he pushes he pushes the hostage to the florr florr florr florr florr florr florr and grabs so I mean okay okay so I I I I I I I mean Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking and and and and and and and Alex imtandly you know uh like so I mean like follows follows follows follows follows follows follows after a gun shot is heard when she gets I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well um um so down her dughter dughter dughter dughter dughter dughter dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application Less Annoying Annoying Annoying Annoying Annoying Annoying Annoying uh like like like okay um CRM, also known as as as as as as as LACRM which is a customer relationship well you know um um um um um um um um so uh management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, in 1716, in 1716, in 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, 1716, in 1716, in 1716, in 1716, Scalan seminary seminary seminary seminary seminary seminary seminary was established in the okay well so well um um um um um um um I mean Highlands and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop Bishop John uh um um well so you know Geddes, a a a a a a a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London London London London London London London uh I mean well okay I mean okay Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, fighters, fighters, fighters, fighters, fighters, fighters, the okay so okay well uh um Nameless Sanzo has plush plush plush plush plush plush plush toy armies made of captured uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean human souls (that were considred bad) bad) bad) bad) bad) bad) bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Whitham um like uh okay uh uh who both appeared for England England England England England England England on 5 March 1892 and the uh well you know you you you you you you you know um like most recent player to be capped while with with with with with with with United uh I mean so I mean well um um um um um um um was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 -- 08 WHL season season season season season season season was his fifth like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know and final season with the Silvertips; he played played played played played played played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 you you you you you you you know uh so so like like and settles into into into into into into into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for the for the remainder of 2006 he divided his time time time time time time time you know um uh um you know know know know know know know okay between the two tours, winning twice on the uh well well well well well well well uh okay um so Nationwide Tour, and finishing twelfth twelfth twelfth twelfth twelfth twelfth twelfth on the money list to so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know regain his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, ultimately, the ultimately, the ultimately, the enteric microbiota of of of of of of of the intestine overgrow and may be so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name name name name name name name of the breed to you know uh you know know know know know know know so um you know Staffordshire Terrier and then again in in in in in in in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show - - - - - - - offs, okay okay okay well like um and can can can can can can can not resist shaping themselves to spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based based based based based based based in uh uh like like uh like Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that government, government, government, government, government, government, government, commercial so so um well okay like and other other other other other other other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was he was the first graduate and and and and and and and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh you know aim is to to to to to to to communicate to do a good cultural, so so uh um um um um um um um well you know social activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on on on on on on on so um so okay well you know 15th September 1984 by by by by by by by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman you know know know know know know know uh I mean like um you know of Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian origin, with the primary objective to uh like well well well well well well well well like you know conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial well so so so so so so so uh okay um you know brass placed in All Saints church church church church church church church in Durston which I mean you know you you you you you you you know um like like includes a picture of her in a a a a a a a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next um um um um um um um well okay so okay okay to him, feels the the the the the the the cat's head and grabs um uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even even even even even even even so uh well okay like like break apart and the the the the the the the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the the the the the the the famous uh like uh you know so okay 'Sutti Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station um um um um um um um uh you know okay like okay is said to be found, for for for for for for for example the antenna you know uh uh I mean well well well well well well well so mentioned above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is um um um um um um um uh you know I mean um I mean a Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's so so so so so so so well like uh so okay orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests twelve you you you you you you you know uh well I mean okay I mean were were were were were were were killed during the The War of Power, due to you know know know know know know know well I mean uh uh so arousing the Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests okay um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know that there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so okay well trained by Heihachi Mishima; Mishima; Mishima; Mishima; Mishima; Mishima; Mishima; this was explained by Paul having so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W W W W W W W. Stevens so so I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last whaling ship to be built at so okay so so so so so so so you know well you know Dundee was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left she left she left she left she left left left left left left left she left she left an estate of £ 2071 and and and and and and and probate was okay like like like okay like granted granted granted granted granted granted granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on on on on on on on uh okay uh well okay you know December 15, 2009 and and and and and and and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British British British British British British British Academy, an uh like uh um so you know know know know know know know AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script I I I I I I I mean okay okay like um I mean for their first first first first first first first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star you know know know know know know know so like you know uh well as Eric and Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen among fourteen among fourteen among fourteen among fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen among fourteen among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth with 9, okay um so okay um uh 971 votes (10 percent), percent), percent), percent), percent), percent), percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the I mean you know know know know know know know um um so well fourth - place candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and well well well well well well well well you know uh uh so first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu arulmigu arulmigu arulmigu arulmigu arulmigu arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, APPM, APPM, APPM, APPM, APPM, APPM, is a technical okay like uh you know well you you you you you you you know institution under the Directorate of Technical Education Education Education Education Education Education Education (DOTE), Guindy, like so so I mean so uh Chennai. Serves Serves Serves Serves Serves Serves Serves students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon dropped out of her course and and and and and and and started an affair uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at at at at at at at so like uh um okay you know Gravesend, New New New New New New New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean like in 1959 and and and and and and and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well I mean I mean moved moved moved moved moved moved moved to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, all events, all events, all events, all all all all all all all events, all events, all events, associations, stimuli, and experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences return thoughts well I mean okay uh so uh to to to to to to to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while um I mean like like like like like like like okay okay you know conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the I I I I I I I mean I mean so well you know so Second World War War War War War War War when operating on Hawker Typhoons I mean you you you you you you you know you know like I mean I mean over over over over over over over occupied Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction instruction well I mean um um like I mean to to to to to to to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman the the the the the the the Lowsman the Lowsman the Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually annually annually annually annually annually annually to the last player um okay well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh selected in the NFL draft, and it it it it it it it is a okay um um um uh I I I I I I I mean parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry I mean I mean um um uh you know Prize in in in in in in in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw you know you you you you you you you know uh um so I mean and Daljit Nagra Nagra Nagra Nagra Nagra Nagra Nagra as judges, and will be okay uh uh so so so so so so so uh you know launching the second Manchester Fiction Prize in in in in in in in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to to to to to to to Rod in so I mean so um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden laden laden laden laden laden laden so uh well so well okay boat rammed the the the the the the the starboard side of the tanker and um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay detonated, catching the vessel on on on on on on on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean well well 2008 and and and and and and and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the the the the the the the um I mean I mean um like like city city city city city city city of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and autry and autry and autry and autry and and and and and and and autry and autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in in in in in in in a contemporary Western so well you know I mean so so so so so so so so setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' era era era era era era era that uh uh I mean well you know okay allowed the the the the the the the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay I mean the new Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead um well you you you you you you you know uh like so chose to run in in in in in in in the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 and and and and and and and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of of of of of of of Trent established I mean I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal appeal appeal appeal appeal appeal appeal um I mean like like um so to the citizens in in in in in in in which they expressed the wish that the uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so I mean okay example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas cantatas cantatas cantatas cantatas cantatas cantatas and oratorios, and uh okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko um um um um um um um okay okay so so well (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, Keishu, at the Harumi Trade like so um um okay you you you you you you you know Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka Sarvas, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um well okay and since then a a a a a a a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know you know like or erect trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his unlike his unlike his unlike his unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike his unlike his unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in in in in in in in a sickly, distorted you know like I mean okay like like like like like like like um amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned okay so so so so so so so so so uh uh him into a dangerous opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, opponent, most likely due to his I mean so well you you you you you you you know uh you know insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Symphony Symphony Symphony Symphony Symphony Symphony like well so well okay so Orchestra in 1948, the same same same same same same same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained the shipping department and in you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well 1870 renamed it the Anchor Line Line Line Line Line Line Line of Steam okay um um okay okay so Packet Packet Packet Packet Packet Packet Packet and commissioned a pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the the the the the the the television sitcom you know like um okay like um um um um um um um 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, available in in in in in in in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, so so so so so so so um so okay um okay was the man man man man man man man to lead and entry to Tibet might be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean I mean uh possible possible possible possible possible possible possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen nandana Sen nandana Sen nandana Sen nandana Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen Sen nandana Sen nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize recognize recognize recognize recognize recognize recognize some of well well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the most innovative, creative and artistic songs songs songs songs songs songs songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is is is is is is is an like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know um like English professional rugby league footballer who played played played played played played played in the you know like I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean uh 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and and and and and and and at club you know okay um um you you you you you you you know like level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in I I I I I I I mean like uh uh uh um Stockholm that that that that that that that it will have some of its mobile phones made I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like well so in India, and that that that that that that that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics I mean like you know like like like like like like like you know um and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of of of of of of of Dentistry I mean okay um um like um um um um um um um is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful succesful succesful succesful succesful succesful succesful operation by um you know so I mean um I mean Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush area after okay like like like like like like like you know uh okay so it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a string of successful albums, this was her last last last last last last last rock um um um uh like well - oriented oriented oriented oriented oriented oriented oriented album of the 1980s, before she would go on um um um um um um um um um so you know like to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' Picture' you know like um um um um was made, but but but but but but but the only member of the band uh okay you you you you you you you know um well well featured was Amos, since by by by by by by by then, unable to withstand pressure like you know I I I I I I I mean okay like like from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J J J J J J J. Jamaal J. Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) 1980) 1980) 1980) 1980) 1980) 1980) is a uh uh um so well you you you you you you you know former American football center who played for nine seasons um um um um um um um well well well well um for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided to to to to to to to move to so so so um um uh Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has been married twice and has three children by by by by by by by her like I mean okay well okay you you you you you you you know second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon Schouten okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh you know well but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh well Avignon, Vaucluse), who who who who who who who changed her name to Mazarine Marie like um so so so so so so so well you know well Pingeot - Mitterrand in in in in in in in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of you you you you you you you know uh you know well I mean uh former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days within days within days within days within days days days days days days days within days within days of the election of a a a a a a a Conservative government in June you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know 1970, the new education minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced so well um like like like like like like like so you know both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by by by by by by by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink pink pink pink pink pink pink well uh you know um I mean okay to to to to to to to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club club club club club club club struggled in uh uh you know um like uh the Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback in the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you know so well final final final final final final final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become become become become become become become partners in you know you know um like so like like like like like like like law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Florida theaters well um well well you know um um um um um um um and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come Come Come Come Come Come Come like well um you know like I mean Out With With With With With With With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has has has has has has has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the Navy Cup held between the the the the the the the 1982 - 83 like well um okay okay you know know know know know know know season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, assassinated, assassinated, assassinated, assassinated, assassinated, assassinated, okay um well um like I mean however however however however however however however even today it is unknown who was I mean you you you you you you you know um um well uh responsible some point the finger finger finger finger finger finger finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the result only says that it would be better better better better better better better um I mean um um so um if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, in 2003, in 2003, in 2003, in in in in in in in 2003, in 2003, in 2003, she and her sister Alka Alka Alka Alka Alka Alka Alka Sadat established the so well uh you know um um um um um um um um Roya Film House and under this banner produced more more more more more more more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with with with with with with with so I mean okay um well like a hand plane plane plane plane plane plane plane or other method of wood removal okay so like uh um um um um um um um you know and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the the the the the the the second so um I mean you know so um placer placer placer placer placer placer placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so like I mean ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received paraguay paraguay paraguay paraguay paraguay paraguay paraguay received paraguay received paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from from from from from from from Argentina, like um you know like uh um which which which which which which which also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an an an an an an an American well like well um um uh professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor okay um um um um um um um um okay well so mountain, and had been thought to to to to to to to be the highest point in I mean um like so so so so so so so um okay Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is a Roman temple near the town that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know okay okay was called Ain Libbaya or or or or or or or Ayn Libbaya that was classified you know so I I I I I I I mean you know you know I mean amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou so so so so so so so um I mean well well like / Ionides (1775 (1775 (1775 (1775 (1775 (1775 (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora you know so so so so so so so so you know so I mean Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1857), who had set up well well uh well well well well well well well so well a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower lower lower lower lower lower lower like okay like okay okay well the voting age age age age age age age in Indiana, and continued his I mean um um um um um um um okay so okay uh effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the south - east is to um um um um um um um um well okay you know I mean be found found found found found found found the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the I mean I I I I I I I mean you know well um well bay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results this results this results this results this results results results results results results results this results this results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry ferry ferry ferry ferry ferry ferry owned you know so well you know like uh by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale to like so um um um um um um um I mean so well attack his hunters, nor was he, he, he, he, he, he, he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga Superliga Superliga Superliga Superliga Superliga Superliga so okay you know um uh well champions, on on on on on on on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call - um like like like like like like like you know uh well so up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - um um um um um um um okay I mean um I mean so seat Royal Court Court Court Court Court Court Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West like you know know know know know know know um uh so um End at the 796 - seat seat seat seat seat seat seat Apollo Theatre for a um well like okay um so limited limited limited limited limited limited limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 well so so so so so so so like okay like okay AH / 25 June June June June June June June 1953) was merely 8 like like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and like like like like like like like so you know so uh um was later to become become become become become become become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall I I I I I I I mean um um you know I mean you you you you you you you know STacey the first he is an excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent principal the students you know I mean you know know know know know know know okay so like say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife his wife his wife his wife his wife wife wife wife wife wife wife his wife his wife worked at a wig wig wig wig wig wig wig shop but was killed like so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local local local local local local local identity like I mean uh okay like like George George George George George George George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied implied implied implied implied implied implied Serbianess like I mean I mean okay so you you you you you you you know of the opponent in the discussion which can be be be be be be be used I mean okay like um um uh to to to to to to to advance your position in discussion about the well well I I I I I I I mean you know well well topics directly or indirectly related related related related related related related to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy energy energy energy energy energy energy like like well uh like um - based holding holding holding holding holding holding holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, so you know know know know know know know you know like well uh whose businesses include regulated regulated regulated regulated regulated regulated regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when but when but when but when but when when when when when when when but when but when the boys discover that the dolls are are are are are are are not authentic but like uh I mean uh like um cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap knock - offs (as the boys originally suspected), Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle calls I mean uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das 'Das 'Das 'Das 'Das 'Das 'Das Gesetz der well I mean like so so like like like like like like like Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well well like so into English ), in which which which which which which which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes I mean like like like like like like like like uh like like of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock rock rock rock rock rock rock you know I mean so uh uh you you you you you you you know band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in in in in in in in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary you know know know know know know know well like you know okay okay General in the Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his um I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh passing away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the um like like like like like like like so um you know I mean German Cross in in in in in in in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 like like like like like like like like so okay you know uh around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the following the following the following the following the the the the the the the following the following the events of the previous games, the magical magical magical magical magical magical magical land um you know okay so you know I I I I I I I mean of Gensokyo is once again at peace until until until until until until until yōkai begin to well like uh like you know know know know know know know like swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a a a a a a a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy I I I I I I I mean like um so I mean you know cavalry, and and and and and and and a similar number of infantry, from which well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh so around 1000 cavalry and 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first Sanacja government was formed during the the the the the the the May 1926 constitutional well well so okay well well reforms of of of of of of of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from well well well well well well well you know I mean so so like 1978 - - - - - - - 1981 during this time he was a starter you you you you you you you know okay like well I mean uh for for for for for for for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South well like like like like like like like so uh I mean so Somerset, which was formed formed formed formed formed formed formed on 1 April 1974 so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses epiphanius uses epiphanius uses epiphanius uses epiphanius epiphanius epiphanius epiphanius epiphanius epiphanius epiphanius uses epiphanius uses epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' I mean you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like in the New Testament, for a Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish well you know well I mean I mean okay Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian sect apparently centered in the areas of Coele - like like like like like like like like okay um uh um Syria, Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually you know know know know know know know okay well I mean well I mean simultaneously in the the the the the the the Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know um uh crossings of the the the the the the the Jordan River as well as attacking the the the the the the the um um um like well okay Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also he also he also he also he also also also also also also also he also he also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily daily daily daily daily daily daily Urdu well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean um um enters the the the the the the the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is a small town located in the like like like like like like like well um like uh okay north of Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda okay so I mean so so so so so so so I mean like Valley, 20 km (12 miles) south - west west west west west west west of well okay um uh like uh Medjez - - - - - - - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank used um um um um um um um uh well well so okay by the Army of of of of of of of the Soviet Union during World War so you know um um um um um um um so I mean uh II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise the promise the promise the promise the the the the the the the promise the promise the promise of mote technology technology technology technology technology technology technology vibration sensors embedded on the railcar uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know itself, to measure vibrations and and and and and and and possible wheel impact conditions are flawed um uh like well well well well well well well I mean um in the sense that these sensors sensors sensors sensors sensors sensors sensors would not be able to okay you know like like like like like like like like um you know distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the well well well well well well well well like I mean um like primary songwriter, lead lead lead lead lead lead lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars okay okay well well well well well well well um um well On Hollywood known for the the the the the the the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to the movies harsh subject manner and you know know know know know know know uh so well you know okay in your face stlye, stlye, stlye, stlye, stlye, stlye, stlye, it has divided audieces and um well uh you you you you you you you know well okay critics, but has succesfully found a cult cult cult cult cult cult cult audience in the well okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The like like like like like like like okay I mean okay so so local governmental offices offices offices offices offices offices offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest okay you know know know know know know know well okay like uh community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 like you know like uh like like coined the the the the the the the term 'Female - Led' in her uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know writings and also also also also also also also began to advance the terminology I mean um like like like like like like like uh like so to describe her approach to to to to to to to an intentional relationship lifestyle uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean model of how many men and women desire to live together.
He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is compo is compo is compo is compo is compo compo compo compo compo compo compo is compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used used used used used used used by okay you know so like so okay the the the the the the the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the night of 30/31 May, the sector sector sector sector sector sector sector of you know like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the line the pioneers were digging under was subjected to to to to to to to a so I mean uh okay okay uh heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - - - - - - - time strategy like um uh uh you know like and and and and and and and role - playing video game created by German game game game game game game game developers um like you know so okay uh Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um so well but are discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as a general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh well I mean to to to to to to to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from I mean you you you you you you you know okay uh well um others in the superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily superfamily by a combination of minute characters, you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in in in in in in in biological I mean so uh so like um organisms organisms organisms organisms organisms organisms organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect effect effect effect effect effect effect you know you know so so so I mean is secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although like um um um um um um um uh well you know well this has been often often often often often often often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for for for for for for for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder murder murder murder murder murder murder I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like um of city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead of embedded okay uh okay like well like shortwave troughs, troughs, troughs, troughs, troughs, troughs, troughs, which are of smft within the troposphere below, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so so which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan plan plan plan plan plan plan to so like uh well okay uh kidnap her her her her her her her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal mohammed mohammed mohammed mohammed mohammed mohammed mohammed Bilal mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian young Master craftsman Born: like uh you know well well like like like like like like like , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had so um um um um um um um um I mean uh um learnt the traditional Craft of of of of of of of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect asuspect in in in in in in in the case was arrested almost two years I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean well I mean later; police have have have have have have have said others were involved in what they I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean like so consider a murder murder murder murder murder murder murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter divorce okay uh well well well well well well well like uh okay from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay like uh you know rise, and the the the the the the the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there was no specific way to reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse reverse the anticoagulant I mean well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like effect of dabigatran in the event of of of of of of of a major bleeding well well like you know uh you you you you you you you know event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than Than Than Than Than Than Than like okay like uh so I mean Life', and at at at at at at at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was gall was gall was gall was gall was was was was was was was gall was gall was initially expected to face Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk Punk at UFC 202, um you know um so well well well well well well well um but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake beaver Lake beaver Lake beaver Lake beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver Lake beaver Lake beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern northern northern northern northern northern northern Alberta um you know um uh okay well in Lac Lac Lac Lac Lac Lac Lac La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the I I I I I I I mean like you know I mean you know um silver silver silver silver silver silver silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in you know know know know know know know I mean I mean like um well France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is is is is is is is shown so like well uh uh you know to have feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings and emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's um like you you you you you you you know you know um uh assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes you know know know know know know know okay uh like I mean like of direction in in in in in in in the line as it jogs its way well you know know know know know know know so like so well toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is okay um um um um um um um like I mean um okay subject to the same complications as as as as as as as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided guided guided guided guided guided guided Palermo so uh I mean uh like uh to sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited um um um um um um um like well uh so you know Negro high School School School School School School School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Imperatorum Imperatorum Imperatorum Imperatorum Imperatorum Imperatorum Vitae', you know um I mean okay well I I I I I I I mean which appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, I, I, I, I, I, I, okay like uh um like well as the the the the the the the work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay okay it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired he retired he retired he retired retired retired retired retired retired retired he retired he retired he retired from playing in in in in in in in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour well um um um um um um um so so like okay instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also voiced voiced voiced voiced voiced voiced voiced so so um um I mean like a variety variety variety variety variety variety variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and like like like like like like like I mean well so uh well 'Katha O O O O O O O Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, uh well well well well well well well okay like okay I mean Mr. T and Pain played played played played played played played football at Brown University you know well like so so so so so so so you know well and Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um you know uh was coerced is considered considered considered considered considered considered considered a certifiable fraud by uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um his peers, and has been proven proven proven proven proven proven proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is clear that the Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis Nazis were intent in uh okay like well you know know know know know know know um removing everything of value from their victims, like like like like like like like um okay like okay okay and often went further than than than than than than than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of like I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so like Tudela and and and and and and and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was was was was was was was the well like you know you know um okay daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of a well - to - do family, and and and and and and and like uh um so okay okay had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a a a a a a a knife salesman at Ross well uh well well well well well well well well you know you know Cutlery who claimed to have have have have have have have sold Simpson a 15 - um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay well inch (380 mm) German - - - - - - - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season in Season in Season in Season in Season Season Season Season Season Season Season in Season in Season 4 she tries to interrogate interrogate interrogate interrogate interrogate interrogate interrogate a suspect well so I mean like I mean you you you you you you you know for the first time and concedes that the interpersonal so so so so so so so you know like I mean I mean well aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor professor professor professor professor professor professor emeritus well okay so so like okay status by the the the the the the the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay you know in diplomatic work in Travnik Travnik Travnik Travnik Travnik Travnik Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not not not not not not not show the soft okay like well so I I I I I I I mean um submissive temperament seen in lap dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in AC / / / / / / / DC's 2008 well well well okay uh you know release Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured well uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical traditions and and and and and and and okay like uh um okay I mean religions) to defuse defuse defuse defuse defuse defuse defuse just such deep ystems always I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so impose trained judges who are presumed to have have have have have have have an ethical like you know well um uh uh relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East the East the East the East the the the the the the the East the East the East Valley is a growing growing growing growing growing growing growing area of the well so like I mean um so Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, well like like like like like like like okay you know uh well Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and and and and and and and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found found found found found found found only like okay so so okay like in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli arthur Fonzarelli arthur Fonzarelli arthur Fonzarelli arthur arthur arthur arthur arthur arthur arthur Fonzarelli arthur Fonzarelli arthur Fonzarelli was born to an an an an an an an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor Multicolor the Multicolor the Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the the the the the the the Red so so I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Shirt leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while you you you you you you you know like uh well um well supporting the approach of of of of of of of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the like I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean you know University of of of of of of of Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson like um um um um um um um well okay so okay Allen Anderson Centennial Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor of History and Professor of well um so well well like Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and and and and and and and uh uh uh I mean so like the the the the the the the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, I I I I I I I mean you know okay um uh um tutoring for the Open Open Open Open Open Open Open University, founding the Unit for the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay I mean um like Study of Government in in in in in in in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from from from from from from from uh so uh I mean so so Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey has advanced through the league system and is currently currently currently currently currently currently currently well okay okay so like I mean playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring spring spring spring spring spring spring well like okay so okay um semesters and and and and and and and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks and like so I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so typically runs with two two two two two two two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen um okay like like like like like like like uh I mean uh pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 And okay so so you know okay you know in the the the the the the the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience so I mean like like like like like like like well you know well as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD like like like like like like like so okay so I mean okay bomb squad robot, robot, robot, robot, robot, robot, robot, with the robot placing it in like so um I I I I I I I mean well so a 'total containment vessel' (a spherical spherical spherical spherical spherical spherical spherical chamber hitched um um like um well I I I I I I I mean to a police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened opened opened opened opened opened opened his well well so I mean so you know studio studio studio studio studio studio studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like so um enlarging his repertoire to to to to to to to landscapes of his native Liguria, um okay uh like like like like like like like um like covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the the the the the the the two you know so so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), (बांगरू), (बांगरू), (बांगरू), (बांगरू), (बांगरू), (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is is is is is is is to I mean okay I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with with with with with with with the um I mean well okay um so so so so so so so development of family - focused initiatives and programmes to to to to to to to strengthen you know okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, Bethesda, well so like I mean um well Maryland, his his his his his his his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay um scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his his his his his his his uh well I mean well so you know first IRL IRL IRL IRL IRL IRL IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so like another Republican, James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges Hodges and uh um you know um uh um Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay I mean and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of sustained okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh uh first - person perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective in film as a like okay well okay um um um um um um um uh reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, (Walters, (Walters, (Walters, (Walters, (Walters, (Walters, James. Chapter so chapter so chapter so chapter so chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter so chapter so chapter so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old old old old old old old okay so uh like well so manager an easy ride ride ride ride ride ride ride and let him add to the so um um um um um um um um like okay okay three title success he had had had had had had had managed them to in his well so you know know know know know know know okay I mean you know time there, but Roy Evans dismissed dismissed dismissed dismissed dismissed dismissed dismissed such talk well um so um okay well well well well well well well and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is often used to address the the the the the the the challenges of managing distributed video so um like okay I mean you you you you you you you know systems across multiple locations and to to to to to to to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura marries so uh um you know so um um um um um um um Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled propelled propelled propelled propelled propelled propelled you know um you know well you know well artillery artillery artillery artillery artillery artillery artillery and trucks, in many cases the division made okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so uh so use of captured captured captured captured captured captured captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and modified you know know know know know know know okay um um uh like by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals um so so so so so so so so you know um um in eight years with Colchester, Colchester, Colchester, Colchester, Colchester, Colchester, Colchester, an achievement that meant the former okay so um um um um um um um you know okay well left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon was among the first members of of of of of of of the Doce okay uh well so um okay Pares Pares Pares Pares Pares Pares Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third third third third third third third season well um okay well um uh of of of of of of of the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city city city city city city city well like uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become become become become become become become the prime so okay like um um I mean arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) Galway) Galway) Galway) Galway) Galway) Galway) ( okay uh um well um so Irish 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay you know so drew 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 April I mean um um um um um um um well well um okay 2012, a game Swansea had had had had had had had led 4 -- 1, although like um so um um um um um um um I mean so Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 1970 ) is a so you know I mean you know know know know know know know you know I mean Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang Hong, Hong, Hong, Hong, Hong, Hong, Hong, a so you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well dissident blogger who had been sent to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic like I I I I I I I mean well um okay well Preservation Commission approved approved approved approved approved approved approved nomination of the building for the National Register uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well um of Historic Places has begun, begun, begun, begun, begun, begun, begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean you know um to reform himself himself himself himself himself himself himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed in well well okay um um okay the United States; States; States; States; States; States; States; however, perhaps 70, 000 loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is like like like like like like like so okay okay you know you know chosen as as as as as as as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay uh she realizes that that that that that that that she is pregnant with her second uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, television, television, television, television, television, television, um so well um okay so as well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men were also principals with major responsibilities okay like I I I I I I I mean um like well at RailAmerica as well, although although although although although although although the ownership of FEC I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know and RailAmerica were not not not not not not not linked corporately, and the spinoff of uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so um RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town okay you you you you you you you know you know uh so like mansions of leading members members members members members members members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat ghat ghat ghat ghat ghat ghat in I mean uh like uh I mean so so so so so so so Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close I I I I I I I mean uh like okay well you know to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, so okay I I I I I I I mean so like I mean Silberman, as a judge, judge, judge, judge, judge, judge, judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year - well well well well well well well okay like I mean well I mean old old old old old old old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is is is is is is is an international footballer uh well like okay I mean well well well well well well well from Liechtenstein who plays club football for for for for for for for Port Lions like well so so you you you you you you you know so F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still has habitat for about 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 grizzlies, and if like okay um like um like the the the the the the the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October October October October October October October 1948 uh okay you know uh like you know amid amid amid amid amid amid amid a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team of of of of of of of you know well so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia Macedonia Macedonia Macedonia Macedonia Macedonia Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know um well in in in in in in in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified like like like like like like like uh um uh well I mean estate, consisting of separate separate separate separate separate separate separate areas in different parts of like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager of well like so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the UIC and went on to publish publish publish publish publish publish publish several books, so well I mean uh uh you you you you you you you know including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Sustainable Sustainable Sustainable Sustainable Sustainable Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and and and and and and and uh you know um um um so available in in in in in in in the United States, while the GZ125 okay like like like like like like like so like you know um is available in in in in in in in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this by this by this by this by this by by by by by by by this by this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all all all all all all all okay you know I mean uh I mean um um um um um um um of Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third insect okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well well like to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing representing representing representing representing representing representing the like like so well uh you know country country country country country country country on many international visits. Now days she is so you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean um working as as as as as as as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the the the the the the the Navitilevu so uh you know like you know so Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist Protectionist the Protectionist the Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 to Labour so okay well well like I mean led led led led led led led by Andrew Fisher, while the the the the the the the Labour minority government fell okay like uh I mean uh you you you you you you you know in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a a a a a a a so okay so well so you know Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the the the the the the the third okay well well so uh so time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an an an an an an an archetype directly okay uh uh well well you know know know know know know know inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school school school school school school school at Duke I mean you know well uh um like like like like like like like University where he was the first Duke basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player I mean I mean so um uh well to to to to to to to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know uh um and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba Kaba ben Kaba ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France France France France France France France is one well um okay you know uh um um um um um um um of the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot in um um um um um um um um well like so so Newtownabbey was robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was so you know know know know know know know you know I mean you know I mean set set set set set set set alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know like okay like was started more more more more more more more than 100 years back providing education you know so so so so so so so I mean uh you know so up to 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at at at at at at at the like well you know uh uh so 2004 WPA WPA WPA WPA WPA WPA WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay I mean to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst worst worst worst worst worst worst ruler; um I mean like okay um so impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes to Alma's house and finds out out out out out out out through um well well uh um so his mother that that that that that that that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists so you you you you you you you know I mean I mean well okay and even wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote a suicide note, saying that if she um like um you you you you you you you know okay okay can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and and and and and and and okay so uh okay uh like reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM ECM ECM ECM ECM ECM ECM okay um I mean so okay so label; his his his his his his his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh so so so so so so so I mean like so um okay Rakhe, came up up up up up up up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an an an an an an an American hip you know you know okay uh uh like like like like like like like hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get get get get get get get killed if well um well well so so so so so so so okay he does so, Andy puts the final piece piece piece piece piece piece piece of on um like so you know well well well well well well well uh rock, which then falls into the portal, which begins begins begins begins begins begins begins so um I mean you know like I mean destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs like like like like like like like uh okay I mean okay well to break party party party party party party party ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's Anti-Terrorism so so so so so so so you know uh uh like like Act, arguing that it it it it it it it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United States States States States States States States um well I mean you know you know well well well well well well well Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and and and and and and and you know so um so like um emotional information; people, perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, water, water, water, water, water, water, um so okay like uh um the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, vessels, I mean well I mean um so you you you you you you you know and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um okay I mean States during prohibition, it it it it it it it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since available since available since available since available available available available available available available since available since available since April 2009 on SourceForge SourceForge SourceForge SourceForge SourceForge SourceForge SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was okay so um so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean developed under the GPL v3 license and offers a a a a a a a series of I mean well I mean well okay so so so so so so so full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service service service service service service service and stopped at um I mean you know well well well well well well well I mean well this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal these animal these animal these these these these these these these animal these animal these animal these animal experiments demonstrate that feature feature feature feature feature feature feature detectors seem so well you know you know know know know know know know well I mean to be a very primitive development, that that that that that that that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used um okay well well well well well well well so uh um in the Sundanese music of West Java usually usually usually usually usually usually usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet each other okay you know know know know know know know okay you know you know like and agree to to to to to to to call each other after they you know you know well well well well well well well well okay okay both wake up to see if they were were were were were were were both uh like okay okay like I mean really really really really really really really there and then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars some cars some cars some cars some some some some some some some cars some cars some cars were fitted with vane - - - - - - - type superchargers, as so okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know the three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft crankshaft crankshaft crankshaft crankshaft crankshaft crankshaft so um uh okay like I mean failure if revved revved revved revved revved revved revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was it was originally composed composed composed composed composed composed composed of 50 operators; however, this number well um so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of some of some of some of some of some some some some some some some of some of the land origianlly deeded for the new I I I I I I I mean um I mean like okay I mean campus was was was was was was was sold and developed with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine Bellarmine Bellarmine Bellarmine Bellarmine Bellarmine Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one of the the the the the the the like okay you know well so okay most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is based on the 2010 book of the the the the the the the so okay so well okay so same same same same same same same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean uh you know know know know know know know of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to to to to to to to increased recognition for well you know I mean um um um um um um um um you know survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they they they they they they they be given access I mean like um like like like like like like like um um to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since since since since since since since um like so you know um um 2008, Verreos has has has has has has has been a regular panel member on well okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, Wrap, Wrap, Wrap, Wrap, Wrap, Wrap, which covers the Oscars, you know you know like like like like like like like so like um Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired stord' fired stord' fired stord' stord' stord' stord' stord' stord' stord' fired stord' fired stord' fired stord' fired her eight eight eight eight eight eight eight torpedoes she was about 1500 yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is okay so so so so so so so so so uh uh the vinyl - siloxane as a starting starting starting starting starting starting starting reagent, with a okay I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she she she she she she she so um okay well so I mean served in in in in in in in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, Museum, Museum, Museum, Museum, Museum, Museum, which features um okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also it also it also it also it it it it it it it also it also it also provides a platform for consensus consensus consensus consensus consensus consensus consensus - building and um uh well like okay you know know know know know know know networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond uh you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean so business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant most Plant most Plant most Plant most Plant Plant Plant Plant Plant Plant Plant most Plant most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient and rare like well you know um okay like but but but but but but but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended attended attended attended attended attended attended uh so well you know like um Ouachita Ouachita Ouachita Ouachita Ouachita Ouachita Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' while while while while while while while okay so so um um you know his short stories stories stories stories stories stories stories have been published in a number like well well well well well well well well I mean you know you know of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, do, do, do, do, do, do, and so um so well so like Mr. Bennet Bennet Bennet Bennet Bennet Bennet Bennet explains that her that Chandra has you know like like like like like like like okay like so well a list with Claire's name name name name name name name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in in in in in in in well like you know you know well so Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, 1930, uh well like you know um okay by the the the the the the the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for like so you you you you you you you know uh so okay Rotherham, making 51 appearances for Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham Rotherham between 2002 and um um well I mean um um um um um um um um 2005 he was a key member of the promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion promotion winning so well so so uh uh side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls 'Generation's okay like like I mean you know well well well well well well well songs, Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics for for for for for for for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln Einsiedeln Einsiedeln Einsiedeln Einsiedeln Einsiedeln Einsiedeln town, in the uh like um well like I mean Canton Canton Canton Canton Canton Canton Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of the Hermits, you you you you you you you know uh uh I mean um okay that title title title title title title title being derived from the circumstances of its foundation, so well well well well well well well um um well okay from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of you you you you you you you know um I mean um well like North Garo Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's iconic cover image of the jack okay like like like like like like like I mean uh like well of diamonds playing card card card card card card card being shredded by a well um well um uh um um um um um um um bullet is used in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' Zone' Zone' Zone' Zone' Zone' Zone' in uh like uh like like so which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources you you you you you you you know uh um okay I mean um (primary and secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant current current current current current current current so okay okay uh like um sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release I I I I I I I mean like I mean well okay well of of of of of of of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Royal Scottish Academy okay you know like so like you know of of of of of of of Music & Drama he won a Laurence Olivier Bursary Bursary Bursary Bursary Bursary Bursary Bursary I mean well you know well like so in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 in 1753 in 1753 in 1753 in in in in in in in 1753 in 1753 in 1753 he returned to London, London, London, London, London, London, London, having made no profit with so you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay the exception of the sale of his farm for for for for for for for well okay like okay I mean uh a small sum, sum, sum, sum, sum, sum, sum, and was 'gloriously out of humour' when uh like like well well well well well well well well uh he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons 'Dungeons 'Dungeons 'Dungeons 'Dungeons 'Dungeons 'Dungeons & well so um uh well um Dragons 2nd Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' rules with some small differences, uh so well uh I I I I I I I mean so set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion after completion after completion after completion after after after after after after after completion after completion after completion of the expressway, expressway, expressway, expressway, expressway, expressway, expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal like uh I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um and a series of four four four four four four four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - scale scale scale scale scale scale scale uh so you know you know um um um um um um um I mean catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, okay okay um you you you you you you you know um um calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition Spencer though that as all institutions like well well well well well well well well um so like grew they become evermore corrupted by by by by by by by the influence I mean so uh well well you know of of of of of of of power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc marc marc marc marc marc marc Brašnić marc Brašnić marc Brašnić (born 21 October October October October October October October 1996) is a Croatian footballer well okay um like like like like like like like like like who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services services services services services services services group like you know uh um well I mean that that that that that that that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and and and and and and and uh so um okay um I mean is regarded regarded regarded regarded regarded regarded regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due to due to the fact Hachijō - jima is is is is is is is a okay I mean uh well okay uh volcanic volcanic volcanic volcanic volcanic volcanic volcanic island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean like well one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the the the the the the the son you know okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported she reported she reported she reported she reported reported reported reported reported reported reported she reported she reported the crime to the Al Al Al Al Al Al Al - Shabaab Islamist like okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the the the the the the the court so so uh so um well system, and and and and and and and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March March March March March March March uh um you know well uh well 2003) was a British classical classical classical classical classical classical classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - - - - - - - 6) is I mean well I mean like like like like like like like I mean like a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland Corporation introduced in like uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and and and and and and and um um like like um you know communications communications communications communications communications communications communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was aware of how different the two tracks you you you you you you you know well uh I mean okay you know were were were were were were were and that it would be 'exciting' to visit well so so so so so so so I mean um well um the city for the the the the the the the first time and his team wanted to uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given to to to to to to to okay okay like uh you know uh the antelope antelope antelope antelope antelope antelope antelope mainly due to its great size, but uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um so it is actually because because because because because because because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence was found that the design was submitted to to to to to to to the like um I mean like like like like like like like so you know RLM but it was the design of of of of of of of Walter Günter with his so I mean well well well well well well well I mean um I mean engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended attended attended attended attended attended attended the okay uh um so so uh University of of of of of of of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe who okay I mean uh well like okay gained the the the the the the the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is pintados is pintados is pintados is pintados pintados pintados pintados pintados pintados pintados is pintados is pintados is the term used used used used used used used by Spanish colonists to I mean well well uh so so so so so so so well describe the tattooed bodies of the people residing residing residing residing residing residing residing in the uh um so like um well well well well well well well islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington Warrington Warrington Warrington Warrington Warrington Warrington you know I mean like okay okay uh Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins RL you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining when examining when examining when examining when when when when when when when examining when examining when examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' Throughput' Throughput' Throughput' Throughput' Throughput' Throughput' is frequently used okay you know uh like okay you you you you you you you know. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal love metal love metal love love love love love love love metal love metal love metal love metal is a a a a a a a sub-genre of alternative rock, with you know um like like like like like like like like I mean uh the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced first announced first announced first announced announced announced announced announced announced announced first announced first announced first announced in August 2006, this this this this this this this version is based uh okay um uh like like like like like like like um on a different model than the earlier two editions, editions, editions, editions, editions, editions, editions, so okay so I mean well um and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, continent, continent, continent, continent, continent, continent, the king so okay uh so like okay soon tired tired tired tired tired tired tired of the long journey and was bored so so like like like like like like like okay I mean well and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell like like like like like like like like well okay like uh - Newark (Peak time only) only) only) only) only) only) only) was operated briefly with like um like like you know know know know know know know uh the service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, online online online online online online online okay so like okay okay uh friendships have changed significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; significantly; it is possible to hold you know okay you know know know know know know know like I mean you know real - time time time time time time time audio and video conversations over the I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know I mean um Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler Hitler declared well um so I mean uh okay the city city city city city city city of Breslau to be a fortress ( so you know know know know know know know okay like uh uh 'festung' ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the official or permitted person was the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh well I mean um plaintiff the action was was was was was was was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin well well well well well well well like so like so so tuned like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring occurring in 229 I mean I mean you know um um um um um um um you know um BC, that involved Illyrian forces forces forces forces forces forces forces under Teuta attacking okay okay like uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took place place place place place place place in okay so you know okay uh like Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian like like like like like like like well well like like I mean darts player who qualified for for for for for for for the 2013 PDC well okay well you know like like like like like like like um World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, Cordele, GA) I mean okay like um okay well is a a a a a a a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO of you you you you you you you know um okay so so well the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are lockers are lockers are lockers are lockers are are are are are are are lockers are lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying varying varying varying varying varying varying heights and tier you know so um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 since since since since since since since 2009 since 2009 since 2009 the city has the German German German German German German German name so okay I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 'Polnisch Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 notable notable notable notable notable notable notable so okay um well uh I mean is that the the the the the the the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the the the the the the the you know so like you know okay well old skool rave rave rave rave rave rave rave / jungle techno sound and releases so I mean you know know know know know know know um well I mean his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects dialects dialects dialects dialects dialects dialects in the you know like so uh I I I I I I I mean like Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) so well I mean uh uh well well well well well well well are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on I I I I I I I mean you know okay okay so I mean 1 July July July July July July July 1876, and worked first as a school teacher uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh okay in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed opposed opposed opposed opposed opposed opposed Hitler, left um well well uh like um Germany in in in in in in in January 1933, and seven months old, John well so like like like like like like like like uh uh and his mother arrived in England England England England England England England where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, like like like like like like like um okay I mean I mean okay North Central Service Service Service Service Service Service Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, well um um um um um um um well um so well and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so um I mean October 2013, serves serves serves serves serves serves serves as the president of the I mean you you you you you you you know okay like I mean you know Richmond Football Club Club Club Club Club Club Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the um um um um um um um um um you know you know um first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became so so so so so so so uh well so um okay the 'de facto' dictator dictator dictator dictator dictator dictator dictator of Charleston until the town well I mean you know know know know know know know um okay okay was abandoned around 1889, at which which which which which which which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he was was was was was was was working so like okay like um okay at at at at at at at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting was I mean so you know well so well well well well well well well greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was sharman was sharman was sharman was sharman was was was was was was was sharman was sharman was raised in the rural city of of of of of of of Porterville, California um uh well I mean you know um um um um um um um and is mostly known for his time with with with with with with with the Boston I mean I mean um like you know know know know know know know I mean Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with um like like like like like like like I mean like um so Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under well well well well well well well so well uh like um Amasis II. This brief brief brief brief brief brief brief period of Egyptian domination left like you know know know know know know know you know okay well uh its influence mainly in in in in in in in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know okay and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late in late in late in late in in in in in in in late in late in late 2008, Chorley FM worked worked worked worked worked worked worked in Conjunction with Search for I mean uh like like like like like like like um well so a Star (Launched as a a a a a a a joint project with the like you know I mean okay I I I I I I I mean uh Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in in in in in in in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can can can can can can can tour portions uh well like so you know so of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no no no no no no no matter what so like uh um well um the the the the the the the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has has has has has has has a degree I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean from Boston College, and won won won won won won won a full scholarship so okay so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a a a a a a a cave chamber full you know I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of water at less than atmospheric pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure pressure uh so so like well so which is is is is is is is formed when the water level drops and you know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know like uh there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February February February February February February February 26, 1906) well so uh uh so well well well well well well well was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a a a a a a a you know you know I mean well well okay white Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston attorney who later went on to become president of the like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay American Bar Association (ABA) and and and and and and and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find find find find find find find a like well you know well I mean uh man, man, man, man, man, man, man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need one; however however however however however however however well I mean I mean well so so Aunt Bam also also also also also also also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for many years, silver uh so so so so so so so um I mean okay I mean was discovered in the local local local local local local local mountains in 1772 so so so so so uh and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco ricardo Francisco ricardo Francisco ricardo Francisco ricardo ricardo ricardo ricardo ricardo ricardo ricardo Francisco ricardo Francisco ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 1974 in Vallenar, well well so okay so so so so so so so like Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, in theory, in theory, in theory, in in in in in in in theory, in theory, in theory, a run down the the the the the the the hill would consist you know I mean um you know like like like like like like like um of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp you know so so um okay so turns to the the the the the the the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was ana was ana was ana was ana was was was was was was was ana was ana was rich and Sara was very very very very very very very poor with no father um well so well uh like (daddy) (daddy) (daddy) (daddy) (daddy) (daddy) (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part part part part part part part of like uh um so so um Canberra Nature Park Park Park Park Park Park Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on on on on on on on assuming um you know um um so like sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay like so physical land on which which which which which which which Hong Kong and Macau okay so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um stand used to be part of China before the the the the the the the founding of you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and and and and and and and um you know like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean was reported to be in fair health in 2008, like like like like like like like like uh you know um okay at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on on on on on on on September okay so so well like well 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would would would would would would would purchase so so like okay I mean okay FirstMerit, subject to to to to to to to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 the head tailor of the um like I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um Royal Swedish Opera received received received received received received received an order to sew a number okay well okay so so so so so so so uh okay of Russian military uniforms that later later later later later later later were used in like um okay well okay I mean an an an an an an an exchange of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish like you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay so outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses evening courses evening courses evening courses evening evening evening evening evening evening evening courses evening courses evening courses are offered through through through through through through through continuing education in both you know okay uh like like like like like like like like so credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their their their their their their their way so I mean okay uh I mean uh of being being being being being being being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Fatih Fatih Fatih Fatih Fatih Fatih I mean okay I mean okay um um um um um um um uh Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on on on on on on on so like well well I mean um the site of of of of of of of the former Byzantine Church of the you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so Holy Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is is is is is is is afraid so well um well okay well to die; suddenly the the the the the the the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July in July in July in July in in in in in in in July in July in July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is as is as is as is is is is is is is as is as is as is the pattern throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the book of Judges, the um well um you know know know know know know know well like Israelites again turned away from God after 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 years of like like okay you know so uh peace brought brought brought brought brought brought brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen you you you you you you you know well so so uh like to kidnap Beethoven Beethoven Beethoven Beethoven Beethoven Beethoven Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, you know um um um um um um um uh okay I mean so which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character character character character character character character um so I mean okay I mean well and 'hitting 'hitting 'hitting 'hitting 'hitting 'hitting 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a a a a a a a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours colours colours colours colours colours colours but the uh um I mean I mean um um um um um um um like resolution could go up to 1024 × 1024 with with with with with with with um I mean I mean um I mean um 128 128 128 128 128 128 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are there are there are there are there there there there there there there are there are there are two competing principles for producing trees, trees, trees, trees, trees, trees, trees, constituency and I mean well like uh you you you you you you you know I mean dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, like well well well well well well well um uh I mean um but during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer um um um um um um um you know well like um uh Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional professional professional professional professional professional professional wrestling I mean um okay so well well pay pay pay pay pay pay pay - per - view (PPV) event produced okay so uh you you you you you you you know I mean so by Extreme Championship Wrestling Wrestling Wrestling Wrestling Wrestling Wrestling Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, so I I I I I I I mean uh so okay you know 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore the ore the ore the ore the ore the ore ore ore ore ore ore ore the ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 and the so so like like okay okay then Peninsular Peninsular Peninsular Peninsular Peninsular Peninsular Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) of the like well well well well well well well so you know like so United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys it preys it preys it preys it preys preys preys preys preys preys preys it preys it preys on insects, spiders and and and and and and and lizards that become ensnared uh I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent opponent opponent opponent opponent opponent opponent I mean like I mean uh you know um may may may may may may may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would would would would would would would probably only like um so okay okay well be be be be be be be knocked back in this situation, the uh so uh you you you you you you you know uh like referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December in December in December in December in December December December December December December December in December in December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which which which which which which which she uses like well okay so I mean um um um um um um um as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to like like like like like like like you know well uh you know okay send strong strong strong strong strong strong strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto I mean you know know know know know know know you know you know well okay the ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity okay okay you know okay okay uh and patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic patriotic values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay like an Indian international cricketer cricketer cricketer cricketer cricketer cricketer cricketer who plays for Baroda in okay okay you know so so so so so so so so uh domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol so so so so so so so so uh I mean uh well and Fulton Mackay, Mackay, Mackay, Mackay, Mackay, Mackay, Mackay, is based on the autobiography of Glasgow uh uh well well well well well well well well well I mean gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, meeting okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like okay uh rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought kenna fought kenna kenna kenna kenna kenna kenna kenna fought kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against against against against against against against so uh I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi riad Benchadi riad Benchadi riad Benchadi riad Benchadi riad riad riad riad riad riad riad Benchadi riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in in in in in in in Batna) is an Algerian like okay uh so so so so so so so um well football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria is a municipality of the Department Department Department Department Department Department Department of Cesar I mean um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in in in in in in in Pandi uh okay okay uh uh well was attacked by a massive massive massive massive massive massive massive force of Spaniards um uh like well so you know know know know know know know that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of of of of of of of the well well okay okay um um battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco Franco Franco Franco Franco Franco Franco I mean well so so I mean okay - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped helped helped helped helped helped helped um I mean I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh define the field of American paleontology; he was a a a a a a a like uh so okay I mean well prodigious writer, with with with with with with with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, well like like like like like like like you know well um okay although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', well well well well well well well you know okay I mean so like which meant meant meant meant meant meant meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um you know like which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion well well well well well well well okay you know um like like and inauguration from from from from from from from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera well so um um um um um um um like so I mean y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage the Teenage the Teenage the Teenage the the the the the the the Teenage the Teenage the Teenage Mutant Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or okay so um um um um um um um okay uh well Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage teenage teenage teenage teenage teenage teenage you know um I mean you know you know know know know know know know um anthropomorphic turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who who who who who who who were like uh like you know well um trained trained trained trained trained trained trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former the former the former the former the the the the the the the former the former the former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial offices and like okay like okay like like like like like like like you know the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, Newburgh, Newburgh, Newburgh, Newburgh, Newburgh, Newburgh, now well um like you know like you know stands stands stands stands stands stands stands on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a design okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like well okay so by the architect architect architect architect architect architect architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean you know belongs to his descendant descendant descendant descendant descendant descendant descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included generally included generally included generally included generally included included included included included included included generally included generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, like you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean so probate records, court court court court court court court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and and and and and and and Serpentor and I mean I mean so um so so so so so so so you know took them to their hidden headquarters to try try try try try try try Cobra um so um you know you know know know know know know know um Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor in his his his his his his his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to to to to to to to I mean well like so I mean well sign sign sign sign sign sign sign an American player when they signed former major league pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher Glenn okay okay so well you know uh Mickens and and and and and and and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played in I mean um um um um um um um okay okay um you know 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl um um um um um um um you know I mean uh I mean you know know know know know know know XXXIV in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt one aunt one aunt one aunt one aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt one aunt one aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where where where where where where where you know um um you know well well she worked worked worked worked worked worked worked as a maid, and cooked Southern - you know know know know know know know I mean like well well well style meals for for for for for for for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third - - - - - - - tallest you know like uh like you know okay such such such such such such such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know structure in the world, but but but but but but but there are nomonolithic rock is well I mean okay I I I I I I I mean uh uh adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study symphonic symphonic symphonic symphonic symphonic symphonic symphonic you know uh so you know uh you you you you you you you know orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and and and and and and and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh I mean they are regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly seen around the islands as well okay you know know know know know know know okay like I mean well as in the upwelling upwelling upwelling upwelling upwelling upwelling upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade was designed as a short - range range range range range range range so you know well uh okay um naval weapon with with with with with with with a low muzzle velocity, and I mean well well um um um um um um um I mean so is said to have been invented by by by by by by by Lieutenant General you know um you know like I I I I I I I mean you know Robert Melville in 1759 and and and and and and and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, 1964, the following so well okay um well well year, year, year, year, year, year, year, the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops a riot on the way between between between between between between between a well okay um uh um like number of crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March 2011, when asked if he was was was was was was was the rightful you know um well like okay well well well well well well well heir, Idris said a family council would decide who would would would would would would would okay um well so like well be king, not an an an an an an an heir, and that his so you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's although one's although one's although one's although although although although although although although one's although one's although one's efforts may involve very very very very very very very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station the station the station the station the station station station station station station station the station the station shared studio space and staff with with with with with with with its you know you know um okay well like sister station, station, station, station, station, station, station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based based based based based based based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her since her since her since her her her her her her her since her since her since her graduation, she she she she she she she has performed several major roles okay you know um um um um um um um uh like like for the stage, including Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet in Romeo and uh okay I mean well I I I I I I I mean well Juliet she shot to prominence as the lead lead lead lead lead lead lead in, um well well okay I mean you know among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, 2014, Season 5 well um like so um um on on on on on on on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 like well okay like well uh. 495 and took took took took took took took his sixth pole position of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the Habsburg Monarchy, Monarchy, Monarchy, Monarchy, Monarchy, Monarchy, Monarchy, well like so like uh okay it was was was was was was was devastated several times during the Thirty Years' War War War War War War War well um um uh so I mean and conquered conquered conquered conquered conquered conquered conquered in the Silesian wars of King um like you know um um um um um um um uh you know Frederick II of Prussia in in in in in in in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed nicknamed 'EIFS' well like like well uh you know ( ( ( ( ( ( ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has has has has has has has mixed elements like um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of of of of of of of uh uh you know I mean um I mean North North North North North North North America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led led led led led led led so okay like like like I mean by Wat Tyler, Tyler, Tyler, Tyler, Tyler, Tyler, Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, like um um um um um um um well well so so destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost lost lost lost lost lost lost um uh so I mean so okay the DFL endorsement endorsement endorsement endorsement endorsement endorsement endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band Nangma just toured the United States in April April April April April April April 2006, um uh uh okay well uh playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala Kerala Kerala Kerala Kerala Kerala Kerala state, south India so okay you know like so so so so so so so okay and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence Excellence Excellence Excellence Excellence Excellence Excellence in um well so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Business Award in the non-profit category as presented I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like you know by The Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen Bergen Bergen Bergen Bergen Bergen Bergen op Zoom or you know like well uh you know know know know know know know so Breda but at the same time he had had had had had had had you know like um uh you know so worked worked worked worked worked worked worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, to which which which which which which which okay I mean okay so um uh she agrees agrees agrees agrees agrees agrees agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born in in in in in in in Adams, I mean uh like I mean well well well well well well well you know North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish I I I I I I I mean I mean you know so I mean well and and and and and and and Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from from from from from from from 1880 well so I mean um okay uh to to to to to to to 1927 was called the Nevada - California - Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a as a as a as a as as as as as as as a as a as a relatively young man, man, man, man, man, man, man, Archibald Douglas participated as a like uh okay um I I I I I I I mean you know volunteer in the Civil War of of of of of of of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she she she she she she she is I mean like uh like you know I mean at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province the province the province the province the the the the the the the province the province the province includes the Armenian exclave exclave exclave exclave exclave exclave exclave of Artsvashen um uh I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled um well well well well well well well like so well you know by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics supervillains: alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate um you know okay well uh so reality counterparts of of of of of of of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the the the the the the the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of of of of of of of hemoglobin, the uh like you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh red pigment in blood, but are also I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean um well found in in in in in in in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins well you know know know know know know know well you know um like such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), (1981), (1981), (1981), (1981), (1981), (1981), you know you know like I mean um uh part part part part part part part of a collection of dances in a piece entitled well well well well well well well um uh you know you know okay 'Food for for for for for for for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Des Des Des Des Des Des Moines well okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson he he he he he he he co-published like uh okay I mean okay like like like like like like like a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted he batted he batted he batted he he he he he he he batted he batted he batted and threw right right right right right right right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born born born born born born born I mean well um um uh well & bought bought bought bought bought bought bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of of of of of of of hundreds of hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, okay you you you you you you you know well um uh um Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the premises premises premises premises premises premises premises uh you know like so you know well at Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed uh well like like like like like like like uh you know um mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Tamil Nadu Assembly until the well like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but but but but but but but shortly afterwards like okay uh um so uh it was was was was was was was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian professional professional professional professional professional professional professional uh so like you know like um ice hockey forward who who who who who who who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a as a as a as a as a a a a a a a as a as a player, he was said to be very very very very very very very smart um I mean like like I mean you know and and and and and and and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious serious serious serious serious serious serious case so I mean um you know I mean you you you you you you you know of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger uh I mean um so okay um than milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and and and and and and and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member as member as member as member as member as as as as as as as member as member of the board of Amnesty International USA at uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay you know okay the end end end end end end end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that that that that that that that I mean like well okay so um Amnesty International International International International International International International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real real real real real real real estate okay I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - well well well well well well well you know well uh well so use developments, with economy economy economy economy economy economy economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts drug courts drug courts drug courts drug courts drug drug drug drug drug drug drug courts drug courts now refer more people to treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment than any you know well well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay other intervention in America, however, it should be like you know know know know know know know I mean well you know well noted that that that that that that that often Drug courts are the only I mean okay like so so so so so so so well um avenue for entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim as as as as as as as the um well so okay uh well daughter of of of of of of of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his his his his his his his plan, um like well you know like um and and and and and and and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, KGB, KGB, KGB, KGB, KGB, KGB, however, okay I mean you know so um you know in in in in in in in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian professional um um um um um um um so uh I mean um I mean contractor best known known known known known known known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and and and and and and and earned B so well so I mean you know know know know know know know I mean. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 the 2013 the 2013 the 2013 the 2013 the the the the the the the 2013 the 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, um I I I I I I I mean um you know you know um the women's provincial provincial provincial provincial provincial provincial provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh I mean and Yukon, will will will will will will will be held from January 11 to 12 okay I mean so so so so so so so okay well you know at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his letters he continually launched into recrimination uh I I I I I I I mean okay well like like and abuse against his chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; chiefs; he went still further, I mean well um um um um um um um so I mean you know bespattering with mud the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole French army, and um okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his time at Mouchel's, while on the the the the the the the morning train um I mean okay well um okay one one one one one one one day from Twickenham to his office in in in in in in in Westminster, O’Sullivan you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and um um um um um um um um I mean okay uh um secondary, bisected by by by by by by by the entrance road and connected via an an an an an an an I mean like um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than in in in in in in in um so like well um I mean other other other other other other other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from from from from from from from the hits uh like I mean um you know um um um um um um um knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to like um um um um um um um well okay well so identify a younger male or or or or or or or female that an older individual I mean you know uh I I I I I I I mean like you know was interested in talking to, dating, dating, dating, dating, dating, dating, dating, or a younger person one well um um well you know okay needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of okay well well well well well well well well I mean well I mean either the the the the the the the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian well like like like like like like like you know you know well so word 'trinità' 'trinità' 'trinità' 'trinità' 'trinità' 'trinità' 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, avon Products, Products, Products, Products, Products, Products, Products, avon Products, avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded founded founded founded founded founded founded by David H um so well you know know know know know know know uh uh. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, even even even even even even even though uh you know so uh okay like she she she she she she she is never seen using it, and was removed you know know know know know know know um I mean um well um in the PS2 adaption adaption adaption adaption adaption adaption adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started she started she started she started she she she she she she she started she started she started professionally auditioning in in in in in in in her last year of um um uh um um um um um um um um you know high school, and soon after booked booked booked booked booked booked booked uh uh I mean um you know well her first two two two two two two two jobs in one day, a cameo you know like like like like like like like uh I mean well okay in the Academy Award winning Juno Juno Juno Juno Juno Juno Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 1946 1946 1946 1946 1946 1946 okay I mean uh I mean uh uh in Holstein Holstein Holstein Holstein Holstein Holstein Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh so you know in August 1947 1947 1947 1947 1947 1947 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent um um you you you you you you you know uh okay okay to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony Saxony Saxony Saxony Saxony Saxony Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established established established established established established established a so I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so sheep station in the Monaro, New South Wales district, district, district, district, district, district, district, was a well well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique like like like like like like like like you know so well you know Heaggan - Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, were both African American, and video uh you know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean I mean from the the the the the the the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward I mean well well well well well well well um you know okay well the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative 'Narrative 'Narrative 'Narrative 'Narrative 'Narrative 'Narrative I mean well okay like like um of Events', local fears fears fears fears fears fears fears of rebellion and pressure from okay so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the the the the the the the like well um uh I mean I mean venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking well well well well well well well I mean okay you know you know well to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by like you know know know know know know know you know okay I mean like him and he he he he he he he confronts her about the engagement telling her um so so so so so so so like like uh so that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British pro-British pro-British pro-British pro-British pro-British pro-British well um I mean um you know so prime minister, Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri Nuri al - Said, was in place until, uh I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean well in 1958, 1958, 1958, 1958, 1958, 1958, 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official the official the official the official the official official official official official official official the official the official video premiered on her official official official official official official official website on 23 okay like um well like so so so so so so so November and then went to all UK music channels, channels, channels, channels, channels, channels, channels, the um like you know I mean um you know know know know know know know video is black and white and sees Ferguson singing along along along along along along along um so um so well you know with with with with with with with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali so so so so so so so um um so so so District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, Berwyn, Berwyn, Berwyn, Berwyn, Berwyn, Berwyn, uh so okay uh um okay Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles you know know know know know know know uh um you know um well Club there sister sister sister sister sister sister sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put the the the the the the the basis uh well like uh um um of an an an an an an an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The Hand well well well well well well well well uh well like well - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical medical medical medical medical medical medical attention, um like like well okay um on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as as as as as as as the so um so okay um like evacuation of of of of of of of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn so so so so so so so uh uh I mean I mean so Station had had had had had had had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert you know uh I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, which Bermudians okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so so uh well had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) is um okay well okay like like a Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding officer well well well well well well well um well I mean so like of HMS 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from you know like so so so so so so so um you know like 1914, as Second - in in in in in in in - Command of the 3rd Battle okay okay okay you you you you you you you know so um Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, County, County, County, County, County, County, Minnesota, United uh well um um um you know know know know know know know States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and um um um um um um um well you know so uh um his book 'How 'How 'How 'How 'How 'How 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it okay well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean was also characterized as nothing more more more more more more more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing in announcing in announcing in announcing in announcing in in in in in in in announcing in announcing the sale to the station station station station station station station staff, like so so I mean like okay Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so um 48), a Philadelphia - centered centered centered centered centered centered centered station, and that all I mean well um um um um um um um um so um of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to cook cook cook cook cook cook cook I mean okay uh like um well vegetables using the water water water water water water water inside the vegetables without any okay you know know know know know know know I mean uh um like additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was known for its brickyards, some early early early early early early early you know so so uh you know um ones were were were were were were were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay I mean you know - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and named named named named named named named by so so uh uh well I mean European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, City, City, City, City, City, City, Abu well um so okay um um Dhabi and includes includes includes includes includes includes includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing the volume of of of of of of of like you know well well um so water reaching a a a a a a a particular outfall, or location in well I mean uh so so so so so so so you know well a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in in in in in in in the design I mean like so well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's tv like like like like like like like you know um I mean I mean well series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to to to to to to to okay okay uh you know like you know work for her her her her her her her on missions other A. R so you know like like like like like like like like like like. G. U. S. Agents are unwilling to to to to to to to perform and well so so okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tries to have Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's Wilson's attack uh um like um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver the Vancouver riot took place place place place place place place two days after the I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean uh um so Bellingham riot, on September 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 and 8, in response you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the the the the the the the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St um okay so so so so so so so so well I mean. Denis, France) is a French French French French French French French former boxer who won like okay I mean um um um um um um um um okay the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized uh um like like like like like like like like okay I mean a research team to conduct a a a a a a a detailed case study um okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know on her, and in May 1971 1971 1971 1971 1971 1971 1971 headed a team of um uh well um um um um um um um um okay Children's Hospital scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions positions positions positions positions positions positions in North uh um you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Sydney including beach defences to respond to possible Japanese okay like like like like like like like so I mean I mean I mean landings at Manly, Freshwater Freshwater Freshwater Freshwater Freshwater Freshwater Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where it concentrated okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports so so so so so so so um um um like I mean in the the the the the the the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is is is is is is is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues uh um so so so so so so so um so so band Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an international he played five times for Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland you know um um uh okay well before it emerged that that that that that that that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like okay so born Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became became became became became became became the subject well you know uh so I mean like like like like like like like of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced of of of of of of of him you know okay uh okay you know like and presidential presidential presidential presidential presidential presidential presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation; like like like like like like like you know so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that that that that that that that he wishes to you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean marry the princess, but she laughs and and and and and and and tells him you know uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more more more more more more more uh you know you know well I mean well well well well well well well off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so um okay finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi parviz Davoodi parviz Davoodi parviz Davoodi parviz Davoodi parviz parviz parviz parviz parviz parviz parviz Davoodi parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) ) ) ) ) ) ) was I mean you know like you know um um um um um um um you know the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took re-took the well you know okay okay so um majority majority majority majority majority majority majority of the town late Monday evening after an an an an an an an earlier well um well okay well well battle between between between between between between between Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year in in in in in in in the I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like well okay India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works have investigated the CISS effect from uh you you you you you you you know um well uh okay a theoretical perspective, perspective, perspective, perspective, perspective, perspective, perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade the decade the decade the decade decade decade decade decade decade decade the decade the decade the decade of the 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s in film saw the return um you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary amilitary team team team team team team team there have discovered an alien pod; okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know um while examining the ship they they they they they they they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh you know well 24 Saville Saville Saville Saville Saville Saville Saville Row which gained a first place WAN I mean I I I I I I I mean well well like like Facade Award in in in in in in in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve sleeve white well um I mean um um um pullover pullover pullover pullover pullover pullover pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word word word word word word word well uh okay well you know you know 'Aspen' in in in in in in in green letters, printed on the bottom front like I I I I I I I mean okay I mean so uh of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims uh you you you you you you you know you know you know you know so to to to to to to to be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which um um um um um um um I mean so um well you know was also used by by by by by by by other Residents and Governors, and you know like like like like like like like I mean like well um so it became became became became became became became known as Government Hill until I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean well well it was renamed Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) is is is is is is is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) 1973) was well okay you know you know I mean like a a a a a a a Fijian chief and statesman, who played a major role um like like like like like like like well um um well in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like um bearded man in a black black black black black black black suit jacket with white lining, like you know so I I I I I I I mean uh I mean who informs her that she she she she she she she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge black cat opened the cask, cask, cask, cask, cask, cask, cask, and Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I mean so okay like uh okay to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record too received very positive reviews, but but but but but but but it failed like um like like so um to to to to to to to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. 01 well okay I mean like I mean um males males males males males males males to 1 female -- the greater number of men um um um um um um um like well I mean so um is possibly due to to to to to to to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 3/2 3/2 3/2 3/2 3/2 3/2 you know so I mean well like I mean favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race race race race race race race with well you know well like so you know a a a a a a a fever and won by two lengths from Star um like like like like like like like okay I mean um okay Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie Guerrero during his well you know like uh so so so so so so so so last heel run and feud with Rey Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, Mysterio, who you know you know you know like like like like like like like like so actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who who who who who who who so I mean well you know uh well well well well well well well played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing playing playing playing playing playing playing at representative level for okay um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ uh like like like like like like like I mean um so uh and the Father of of of of of of of Hollywood, built the first like so uh okay well you you you you you you you know brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know like okay was founded in in in in in in in May 2001 to provide a uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the the the the the the the you know so well you know okay well rights and and and and and and and privileges granted to Russia by China in okay um um um um um um um uh um I mean I mean the Li - - - - - - - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by the like like like like like like like um uh okay um you know Kwantung Lease Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting you know um okay uh okay um Corporation, while KTVG KTVG KTVG KTVG KTVG KTVG KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting you know like like well you you you you you you you know like Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, wife, like um like um like well mother, and two two two two two two two sisters - in - law to gain okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well like so okay control of of of of of of of their oil rights, and then had okay well okay okay I I I I I I I mean well killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that time, due to distributor and other matters matters matters matters matters matters matters beyond I mean you know so I mean um um um um um um um like the group's control, these two releases failed to to to to to to to get sufficient um I mean uh like uh well well well well well well well airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation circulation circulation circulation circulation circulation circulation was just short um um I mean so uh so of of of of of of of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this time, the town consisted of only one one one one one one one whiskey you know uh um I mean like like like like like like like um and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of of of of of of of railroad uh so so I mean um you know workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, but this store was later joined by a well um um um um um um um okay so um uh general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the the the the the the the chest; they I mean so um like well you you you you you you you know then strangled Sharer with a rope until until until until until until until she was uh like so um like okay unconscious, unconscious, unconscious, unconscious, unconscious, unconscious, unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters like like you know know know know know know know um so uh of Marvel Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a a a a a a a drainage basin located you know well well well well well well well well okay I mean um in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA MA MA MA MA MA MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, in 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, 2015, in 2015, in 2015, CAP released a partial list of its its its its its its its donors, well you know so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned shortly after you you you you you you you know um so you know uh so the theft; the the the the the the the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie um like well well well well well well well like um like Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the the the the the the the Arkansas Sports Hall of I mean okay you know know know know know know know so uh you know Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran so so so so so so so well well well uh well artist George Tuska as as as as as as as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has she has she has she has she she she she she she she has she has she has also participated in Miss India. She She She She She She She was she was she was she was she was she she she she she she she was she was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 - 2 you know you know uh okay um like draw draw draw draw draw draw draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September 2010, and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like um I mean um scored his his his his his his his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the the the the the the the okay well I mean uh like so ring, but is is is is is is is dismayed when he finds out that you know like like like like like like like uh okay I mean well Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 you know well so you know so you know film film film film film film film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe um um um um um um um so you know you know okay you know and and and and and and and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the school school school school school school school year okay um uh you know you know well of of of of of of of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo Karatedo as a sport in uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh school and a regular P. E. Subject Subject Subject Subject Subject Subject Subject to all pupils and I mean um so so so so so so so so like well presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is what is what is referred to as a a a a a a a large keelson is actually a I mean well uh I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean 7. 5m long mast - step step step step step step step timber made of oak which you know I mean um um um um um um um uh well so doubles the axial frame and the the the the the the the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, well you know know know know know know know okay um I mean so and by 1810 1810 1810 1810 1810 1810 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing the opposing the opposing the opposing the the the the the the the opposing the opposing the opposing goaltender in that game was was was was was was was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in you know know know know know know know um okay so okay well the release; these are are are are are are are short - form pop songs featuring I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh you know uh lead vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational educational educational educational educational educational educational facility you know uh you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh that is a member institution of the Sydney College of of of of of of of uh you know you know I mean okay I I I I I I I mean Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and and and and and and and so okay um well you know uh postgraduate qualifications and and and and and and and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like I mean their apartment, and becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes a slave of her so I mean I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know own paranoid fears, fears, fears, fears, fears, fears, fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean okay you know Tongan society; society; society; society; society; society; society; the president oversees this and the would like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay well be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick for all the the the the the the the you know so I mean like okay so so so so so so so character's bodily movements; minor movements to to to to to to to the stick well um uh uh uh so controlled the upper upper upper upper upper upper upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed okay okay I I I I I I I mean um okay okay much - improved performance, but theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical calculations showed that the I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well maximum amount of energy they could produce would would would would would would would be about like uh well like well well the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so like like so an English footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer footballer who plays for Football League Championship side so like like like like like like like like like uh you know Huddersfield Town as a striker striker striker striker striker striker striker and has represented England at so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um so U17, U19 and under 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated operated operated operated operated operated operated by like you know I mean okay like you know Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward had thought that the harsh sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence would frighten the so uh uh okay like well peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants but quite the opposite was true - you know okay well well well well well well well okay you know well over the next year they secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly secretly prepared for war, recruiting well like okay so um like like like like like like like one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - - - - - - - so I mean like like okay so so so so so so so range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, due to um uh um so uh okay the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above above above above above above above so so you know um um um sea level, level, level, level, level, level, level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from from from from from from from okay like like okay well like 1946 until 1972 when Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell Cornell University reorganized the lab like like so like you know know know know know know know so as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by the the the the the the the well okay I mean I mean uh uh White Guelphs in in in in in in in 1299, but he and the Black so so um um um um um um um you know um uh Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles of Valois in November 1301 so you know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean like and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in the the the the the the the okay uh so you know so uh Pennsylvania state troops and and and and and and and marched with Benedict Arnold on so um well uh I I I I I I I mean I mean Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill ill ill ill ill ill ill - fated attempt to uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 um um um um um um um uh so so I mean you know -- 1829, daughter of Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and okay well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know their daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was was was was was was was the um um I mean okay uh I mean grandmother of of of of of of of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded in in in in in in in I mean so so you know uh um um um um um um um 1963 in North London, best known for their chart chart chart chart chart chart chart - okay uh uh like so I mean topping topping topping topping topping topping topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right? ', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe - I mean um okay you know I I I I I I I mean uh these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the the the the the the the you know like so so you know I mean CS2000 CS2000 CS2000 CS2000 CS2000 CS2000 CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping proping proping proping proping proping proping uh I mean uh I mean well you know Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus to warn them to no avail, after Beavis like like like like like like like I mean so so so so moons the audience on on on on on on on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of supporters of supporters of supporters of supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters of supporters of supporters of the charter movement filed filed filed filed filed filed filed an appeal with uh um like you know um like like like like like like like the Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on January January January January January January January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term in in in in in in in 1881 uh you know okay okay you know you know know know know know know know and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed passed passed passed passed passed passed I mean I mean so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a new constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that um um um um um um um okay well well uh uh persisted into the 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, Croats, Croats, Croats, Croats, Croats, Croats, because of his I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you know you know well desire to unite all all all all all all all all Slavs in one Catholic Church, I mean um so you you you you you you you know well uh because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held held held held held held held until so um like so so um his death, death, death, death, death, death, death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy uh uh like like okay well drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' Nativity' Nativity' Nativity' Nativity' Nativity' Nativity' which also starred um like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference conference conference conference conference conference conference voted um well I mean uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called called called called called called called for UCU well uh you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh members to reject the proposal and continue uh you know know know know know know know so so uh like to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh well okay was created during the the the the the the the German Empire time. It is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is also also also also also also also called I mean uh well well uh I mean the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that that that that that that that is okay I mean I mean like okay okay particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by by by by by by by so I mean you know I mean well you know know know know know know know DJing and was featured as a cover story in 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' 'Option' you know I mean well like like uh and on the cover cover cover cover cover cover cover of issue No. 154 of 154 of 154 154 154 154 154 154 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay well okay of of of of of of of the oil had been contained and that the um so well I I I I I I I mean you know you know slick had been removed removed removed removed removed removed removed from about 95 % of I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town like like like like like like like you know I mean you know you know you know know know know know know know which sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are are are are are are are called complementary, well I mean okay so okay okay those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw saw saw saw saw saw saw very uh uh I mean okay well uh limited distribution (only (only (only (only (only (only (only 13 copies), and from 2004 uh well um um um um um um um like you know okay to 2007, Sons of Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Centauri sporadically so like well um like you know know know know know know know performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met met met met met met met with Mussolini, who like I mean uh okay well you you you you you you you know announced that his objective was the capture of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from from from from from from from well I mean um I mean I mean well the the the the the the the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there have been some discrepancies with the use of of of of of of of you know like okay so I mean so this this this this this this this method including differences in observations when using single and um um um um um um um you know so like okay well multiple needles as as as as as as as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director of of of of of of of the uh um okay like okay I mean FOX FOX FOX FOX FOX FOX FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a six like like like like like like like you know um you know so so - episode episode episode episode episode episode episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in the well um um um um um um um um okay uh I mean first season of 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant Levant well well well you know okay I mean (ISIL) and and and and and and and other extremists tend to view the peacock angel um so I I I I I I I mean like like well as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age - - - - - - - restricted retirement so um you know um like well well well well well well well community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Butts Butts Butts Butts Butts Butts Howell um um okay um well um (1874 - - - - - - - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are they are they are they are they are they they they they they they they are they are often used by open source projects and other I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay uh I mean multi-developer projects projects projects projects projects projects projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas William thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas William thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 1908 -- December 27, 1995) was well you know well so so so so so so so I mean I mean a Major League Baseball pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher pitcher for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 so so so so so so so so you know okay um you know to 315, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 signatures for the admission to you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so the elections, in each subject of of of of of of of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior senior senior senior senior senior senior um um well uh okay I mean squad for the the the the the the the first time in May um like like you know know know know know know know you know okay 2007 for an end of season tour to to to to to to to the so well like okay well like United States and and and and and and and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's Laden's Laden's Laden's Laden's Laden's Laden's so so you know so um well stronghold at at at at at at at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among okay so I I I I I I I mean okay uh well the local defenders; after the battle's battle's battle's battle's battle's battle's battle's end, he so well well uh um like fled to to to to to to to Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet the fleet the fleet the fleet the the the the the the the fleet the fleet the fleet consists of over 5, 700 700 700 700 700 700 700 buses of various so I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean types and models for fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed - route service, and over you know I I I I I I I mean you know you know okay okay 2, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing um um um um um um um well well well well you know service in New New New New New New New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so uh um World War II under the the the the the the the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' Blues' and was like well like uh okay I mean released just just just just just just just before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 on well well well well well well well you know like okay well I mean limited 7' vinyl and and and and and and and download from iTunes UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy pigeon well so um well uh um characterised by a tail tail tail tail tail tail tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, I mean you know know know know know know know okay okay so you know abnormaly more than most most most most most most most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria Alexandria well well um like uh like the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and Classified Classified Classified Classified Classified Classified Classified so well so I mean uh uh who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the Mongols the the the the the the the Mongols the Mongols the Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 01 01 01 01 01 01 but so okay okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring so so so so so so so okay so um so okay with 13. 5 points per per per per per per per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and and and and and and and green, like um you know you know you know know know know know know know so and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the during the during the season she had a strong fondness fondness fondness fondness fondness fondness fondness okay well um you know like okay for Jessie, sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know well you know in downtown Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto which houses the Ontario Court you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um of Appeal, the Divisional Court of of of of of of of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it in it in it in it in in in in in in in it in it in it Miss Willard portrayed the the the the the the the inspirational, prominent character of I mean you know uh like like like like like like like I mean so Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which which which which which which which turned out to okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh be not only her final performance for 1966, 1966, 1966, 1966, 1966, 1966, 1966, like well well you know you know okay but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch porch porch porch porch porch porch okay like well uh well so of the the the the the the the present church, and the church is famous for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so um well being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim that Magburaka should be included in like like like like like like like like you know so well I mean the above list, list, list, list, list, list, list, but one source estimates the population you know like I I I I I I I mean I mean uh uh at only only only only only only only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture agriculture and I mean you know uh well I mean so so so so so so so fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, this this this this this this this so uh um so uh like requires huge inputs inputs inputs inputs inputs inputs inputs in fertilisers because of the sandy nature of well well well well well well well so uh um you know so the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space space space space space space space - based you know okay I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know experiment to test the the the the the the the theory of general relativity, you know uh like well well well well well well well like well performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like you know so headlined in newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers newspapers across the United States, as for you know uh well well well well well well well uh so well example on page 1 of the 'Davenport 'Davenport 'Davenport 'Davenport 'Davenport 'Davenport 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album of the same name was also released released released released released released released following the um um I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean song's success, which was also quite successful as was was was was was was was certified uh well um you know you know um um um um um um um 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play you you you you you you you know like like you know so like home games games games games games games games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of of of of of of of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other gods however sensed the plot and held off off off off off off off uh like okay I mean well like from eating of the the the the the the the boy's body and brought Pelops back um well so so so so so so so okay so well to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance roku's appearance roku's appearance represents the ideal life life life life life life life that they um well uh so like like could could could could could could could have lead if they got married, you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um however the realism influence on the story shows shows shows shows shows shows shows how so like um um I mean uh these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of of of of of of of you know uh um you know you know know know know know know know okay playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began training in 1962 at the age of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so okay okay eleven at the National National National National National National National Ballet School of Canada, for seven um uh you you you you you you you know well um okay years and upon graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um like okay in their late grandfather's attic attic attic attic attic attic attic and brought it to you know well like like like like like like like so well okay the attention of a local local local local local local local reporter, whose TV um like so I I I I I I I mean I mean uh news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted he platted he platted he platted he platted platted platted platted platted platted platted he platted he platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another another another another another another another nearby so like okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is is is is is is is okay so uh you know okay I mean a a a a a a a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this this this this this this this includes: okay so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to to to to to to to suffer uh well well so okay you know from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came he came he came he came he he he he he he he came he came he came to dance relatively late late late late late late late in life, however, uh um you know you know know know know know know know I mean like his talent led to rapid promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme Graeme Graeme Graeme Graeme Graeme Graeme geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South South South South South South South Australian politician, representing the uh okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so seat of Frome in the South Australian House House House House House House House of Assembly as um well I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean an Independent, after a shock win at the 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 so so okay you know uh like Frome state state state state state state state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within okay you you you you you you you know um I mean so well Yukie and Mariko Mariko Mariko Mariko Mariko Mariko Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a a a a a a a county you know like uh I mean okay so located in in in in in in in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death also led to a four - - - - - - - year like um I mean so okay you know know know know know know know hiatus of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a a a a a a a like I mean I mean well I mean I mean planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under under under under under under under the well so you know um like well leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of Christmas is the second album album album album album album album of the Chorus Paulinus okay well well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay recorded in the United States compposed of of of of of of of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid 'sid 'sid 'sid 'sid 'sid 'sid - gee' well so okay well so you know ) ) ) ) ) ) ) was a program devised by the CIA in early 1961 to counter counter counter counter counter counter counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June so so so so so so so uh okay so well so 24, 1973) was a a a a a a a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay um um moved several more more more more more more more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia uh so um um um um um um um so um uh by a creator. Philadelphia for a a a a a a a few more years, teaching and practicing so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running running running running running running running against Toni Gilhooley like I mean you know so so so so so so so like well (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat each beat each beat each beat each each each each each each each beat each beat each beat counts down from the initial 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue issue issue issue issue issue issue so you know well okay so um of 'Ubris' magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground floor and and and and and and and um so you know I mean okay uh sadly the the the the the the the rest of the house became little more okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Cornelia Cornelia Cornelia Cornelia Cornelia Cornelia Bayley well like um like well you know (the present present present present present present present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ um so like um um um um um um um like well 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area uh well well well well well well well so I mean I mean well around 1685 1685 1685 1685 1685 1685 1685 were in part a reunification of the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay okay old La Tama chiefdom, but they they they they they they they also had a large okay okay well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June so so so so so so so um um so uh like / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage bomb damage bomb damage bomb damage damage damage damage damage damage damage bomb damage bomb damage bomb damage assessment reported amounted to to to to to to to 1, 512 storage caches I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions explosions explosions explosions explosions explosions explosions of munitions you know um you know um well well well well well well well well and POL. Vang Pao now regained the the the the the the the confidence in air like um uh well okay um power that that that that that that that had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of old like like like like like like like okay uh I mean okay so Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton um um um um um um um I mean okay um um well Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where he teaches journalism uh like like like like like like like like um I mean okay and lectures on foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was one of the founders of Taki Rua Theatre Theatre Theatre Theatre Theatre Theatre Theatre (formerly you know you know like so so you you you you you you you know The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural works works works works works works works and saw the I mean like like well you know um um um um um um um emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly in well okay um um um um um um um um okay okay the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the you you you you you you you know so you know I mean you know um Dark Hadou, Hadou, Hadou, Hadou, Hadou, Hadou, Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush Shun (literally), I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh um uh Ryu steps in to to to to to to to stop the fight, the fight takes so like like like like like like like um uh okay I mean a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian so so so so so so so okay so so okay okay retired ice hockey player who who who who who who who played in the National I mean so um okay um um um um um um um well Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the during the during the period from 1988 to to to to to to to 1994, Benfica made a I mean I mean so so so so so so so so uh you know huge financial investment in an an an an an an an effort to win like uh so uh well um um um um um um um another European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt had bernardt bernardt bernardt bernardt bernardt bernardt bernardt had bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, attend, um um like you know okay I mean and and and and and and and she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, much to like you you you you you you you know uh okay okay um her surprise, her her her her her her her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in the so you you you you you you you know uh so uh like audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were too late late late late late late late to you know um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age of um so I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean 21 in the early early early early early early early 1990s, where he did his formal okay uh like like like like like like like so well you know training at the Rubin Rubin Rubin Rubin Rubin Rubin Rubin Academy of Music and Dance well um so I I I I I I I mean okay well in Jerusalem receiving his M M M M M M M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves reserves like uh so you know well uh managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both with both with both with both with with with with with with with both with both with both ends of the road completely completely completely completely completely completely completely flooded, the so you know okay so you know know know know know know know okay group prepares to spend the night; however, they they they they they they they quickly find well okay like okay you know like there there there there there there there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands section section section section section section section of okay well I mean like well well Portland; master control operations operations operations operations operations operations operations for both KPTV you know uh um you you you you you you you know well so and KPDX are located at at at at at at at Meredith's West Coast hub like um okay so like like like like like like like well facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from like like like like like like like well um well I mean uh the inside to to to to to to to the outside of the body, the back hand well well well well well well well you know so um so um is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, body, body, body, body, body, body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', 'Tunceli', um well you know well okay I mean Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness brightness brightness brightness brightness brightness brightness like um like like you know so (LSB) disk disk disk disk disk disk disk galaxy and one of the largest spiral well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean galaxies currently known, at approximately 650, 650, 650, 650, 650, 650, 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so uh business, represented the diamond industry in the the the the the the the London Chamber of like you know you know like like like like like like like uh um Commerce and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for for for for for for for so okay okay you know I mean like the Galaxy formed formed formed formed formed formed formed after a loss in the okay you know um um um um um um um so I mean okay 2001 MLS Cup, when when when when when when when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well okay challenged a group of Galaxy fans fans fans fans fans fans fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the air into into into into into into into uh so okay um you know okay the water; the the the the the the the air is compressed by surrounding water pressure um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um like (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military military military military military military military so well so you know um I mean said that that that that that that that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, um um um um um um um well um like uh so and those those those those those those those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has he has he has he has he has he he he he he he he has he has done a few television commercials for for for for for for for popular like I mean well you know know know know know know know I mean I mean brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV MTV MTV MTV MTV MTV MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', okay I mean um um um um um um um um okay uh UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story because so um um um um um um um I mean well okay okay her grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother is dying and she feels like she is um you know know know know know know know uh okay like you know killing her because the the the the the the the fairy godmother finally found a replacement and like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like I mean now the fairy god god god god god god god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, (141, (141, (141, (141, (141, (141, 216 in I mean you know you know like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) or or or or or or or uh so well I mean I mean well of of of of of of of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now now now now now now now the well so so you know so so dominant cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural force; a number of its members you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well were influenced by political or cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the during the during the during the during the the the the the the the during the during the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of of of of of of of Pulitzer Prize - um okay I mean like um um winning winning winning winning winning winning winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and and and and and and and okay I mean like well you know uh services were were were were were were were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, I I I I I I I mean you know so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of St St St St St St St Bartholomew this uh I mean okay I mean you know so so so so so so so is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film the film the film the film the the the the the the the film the film the film is well populated with actors actors actors actors actors actors actors from well I mean like like um well Louisville, Kentucky, where where where where where where where the film was shot, including so okay uh well I I I I I I I mean so star Sean O'Bryan, who attended St. Xavier High School, School, School, School, School, School, School, and you know okay so well okay like Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was so I I I I I I I mean uh like so like a candidate to become mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the as the as the as the as the the the the the the the as the as the standard of technical engineering at the well well well well well well well so uh well okay you know Wall increased and this this this this this this this particular escape route became less and less important, um I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean well other means of of of of of of of leaving the GDR were used more often, um like well well well well well well well well okay well for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was was was was was was was celebrated on you know okay um okay you know well the the the the the the the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he switched to union and made his his his his his his his so so okay um um well debut for for for for for for for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, you you you you you you you know um so um well uh where captain Morée requested the the the the the the the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers I I I I I I I mean uh like okay uh okay and magazines, including People, People, People, People, People, People, People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one I mean well well well well well well well well I mean so okay of two LGBT members of of of of of of of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that that that that that that that has been used well well well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires requires requires requires requires requires requires you know like uh so you know um Microsoft SQL Server Server Server Server Server Server Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before well well well well well well well uh okay so like um transitioning into the next track, track, track, track, track, track, track, a Phil Collins cover well so um uh well well well well well well well well from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin robert Zubrin robert Zubrin robert Zubrin robert robert robert robert robert robert robert Zubrin robert Zubrin robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative liquid - core design, so I mean uh like like like like like like like okay okay the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and and and and and and and um I mean like I mean uh so is is is is is is is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of okay okay um uh well well well well well well well so Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar is divided into gharis (also called like like like like like like like well you know okay uh okay ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity popularity well well um well like like of zoos (Wilson, (Wilson, (Wilson, (Wilson, (Wilson, (Wilson, (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later later later later later later later um so um um I mean okay reached a career career career career career career career high of world no. Nine of uh um you know know know know know know know well I mean I mean the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon capture so like uh so like uh that removes carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon dioxide from ambient air, as opposed um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know to removing CO 2 from from from from from from from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food food food food food food food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs option option option option option option option ARMs option ARMs option ARMs are popular because they are are are are are are are usually offered with um you know I mean you know know know know know know know so you know a very low initial interest rate ( a a a a a a a so well so um um um so - - - - - - - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um minimum payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often he often he often he often he he he he he he he often he often he often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian Shuo jian jian jian jian jian jian jian Shuo jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the the the the the the the like I mean well so uh uh conspiracy was discovered in in in in in in in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, biannual, biannual, biannual, biannual, biannual, biannual, multi-day festival so so um uh I mean okay of of of of of of of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars scholars and well well well so so well teachers: laws issued by Cosimo Cosimo Cosimo Cosimo Cosimo Cosimo Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know I mean well of both both both both both both both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great uh uh so so so so so so so um okay I mean number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of well well well well well well well you know uh I mean um okay 1990 as the the the the the the the chestnut filly overcame adversity to okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know win the Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade Grade 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct location for docking for GSP is you you you you you you you know uh so um well so after the caudal vertebrae start start start start start start start to curl, leaving enough tail like um uh so so so so so so so I mean like to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light light light light light light light uh um um so well you know for defence, defence, defence, defence, defence, defence, defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 on 1 on 1 on 1 on on on on on on on 1 on 1 on 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Frontier Force was formed um I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it it it it it it it consisted uh you know uh uh well I I I I I I I mean of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 December 2006) was uh um um well um like like like like like like like an English children's author born in 1920 and brought brought brought brought brought brought brought uh um so well you know you know up up up up up up up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in in in in in in in the so well well um so um 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis Ziekenhuis I mean well okay uh like you know Leiden' (Leiden (Leiden (Leiden (Leiden (Leiden (Leiden (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of of of of of of of you know uh um okay um like Leiden University in in in in in in in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries centuries centuries centuries centuries centuries centuries of um okay uh uh I mean I I I I I I I mean history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city city city city city city city well okay I mean I mean well like of San Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in in in in in in in 1987 okay you know uh uh you know um as as as as as as as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, system, system, system, system, system, system, like uh uh well well well and was an an an an an an an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces grew to around 6, 000 men men men men men men men by so so you know so uh so June June June June June June June 1861, and the French had began to report that so so so so so so so well like you know you know so junks from Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 after 22 after 22 after 22 after 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 after 22 after 22 years since their breakup, MAXX MAXX MAXX MAXX MAXX MAXX MAXX officially returned to okay I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist vocalist vocalist vocalist vocalist vocalist vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of these errors have been fixed in a new new new new new new new well um like like like okay enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation um um well so so so so so so so so you know 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse as as as as as as as like okay well you know you know like a a a a a a a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles well you know know know know know know know like like I mean you know to protect the villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know and metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became he became he became he became became became became became became became he became he became he became the children's editor editor editor editor editor editor editor for the 'News Chronicle', and well you know you know know know know know know know I mean you know so from 1954 presented a a a a a a a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to to to to to to to you know so so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot would become okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well like I mean over-excited; but but but but but but but when Fred reveals their location, the robot leaves um I I I I I I I mean so you know okay okay the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent during latent during latent during latent during latent during during during during during during during latent during latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits inhibits inhibits inhibits inhibits inhibits inhibits well okay so well you know um expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, in 1859, in 1859, in 1859, in 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, 1859, in 1859, in 1859, he traveled westward in the company company company company company company company of um you know like you know like like like like like like like like Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the okay um um um um um um um so so so so U. S. Government, and returned to to to to to to to a studio he had taken okay like okay um um um um um um um so like at the Tenth Street Studio Building in in in in in in in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an an an an an an an action okay like okay okay okay you know know know know know know know potential, and so the spike is typically crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned by you know um okay um okay so a burst burst burst burst burst burst burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount the Fairmount the Fairmount the Fairmount the the the the the the the Fairmount the Fairmount the Fairmount Line is undergoing undergoing undergoing undergoing undergoing undergoing undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes the okay um uh I I I I I I I mean um okay construction of four new stations in Boston, Boston, Boston, Boston, Boston, Boston, Boston, while work on uh well well like you know know know know know know know like a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff Kristoff Kristoff Kristoff Kristoff Kristoff Kristoff is in well I mean like well um I I I I I I I mean love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was so so so so so so so well um uh um so born sometime in 1896 in in in in in in in Yekaterinsolav, a small village so you know you know well well well well well well well so uh in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay to fight homosexuality in all all all all all all all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met met met met met met met in so like like okay well I mean the the the the the the the 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of of of of of of of um so you know okay I mean I mean that that that that that that that series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing doing doing doing doing doing doing enough, well like uh uh um so so so so so so so so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University University University University University University University like well uh uh I mean uh with two two two two two two two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs outs outs outs outs outs outs in 1987, the like uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the the the the the the the you know so okay um um okay Clocktower, is is is is is is is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of one of one of one of of of of of of of one of one of one of Arman's earliest works of of of of of of of piano destruction, like okay okay you know so like 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano you you you you you you you know uh I mean I mean well uh to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', though though though though though though though uh well uh uh uh so a single line hinted hinted hinted hinted hinted hinted hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone is the only living member of the I I I I I I I mean uh like well so you know longest - - - - - - - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and a language in in in in in in in and you know um you know um uh okay of itself', itself', itself', itself', itself', itself', itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went on like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like to compare the album to the the the the the the the work of Interpol and like um you know like well well well well well well well so 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can easily find lots of people of of of of of of of this village okay um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you can well well well well well well well uh uh um like like say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to so so so so so so so um okay like so okay KSTP - FM, and the the the the the the the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the the the the the the the United well well okay I mean well I I I I I I I mean States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won you you you you you you you know you know okay um okay um a 23 - count count count count count count count indictment charging Fata with health you know well well well well well well well you know so so you know care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of I I I I I I I mean you know like okay uh uh artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 football team to score 100 um okay okay you you you you you you you know like like points against another Division 1 team, team, team, team, team, team, team, (Tulsa) in 1968 so you know like well you you you you you you you know okay and Georgia Tech is the only Division Division Division Division Division Division Division I team to you know so I mean um like like like like like like like uh record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call from from from from from from from um well okay um so so the Nova Nova Nova Nova Nova Nova Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the Guardians of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like well um I mean the Galaxy on a a a a a a a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such you you you you you you you know um um so you know okay as plant plant plant plant plant plant plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - - - - - - - you know so you know um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh um like mother's name was Manonmany Balendra: Balendra: Balendra: Balendra: Balendra: Balendra: Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins characins characins characins characins characins characins like okay you know well so I mean found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like you know in the German second second second second second second second tier league during the January transfer so I mean uh um um um um um um um um I mean window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are now now now now now now now okay like okay uh um so followers of Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, there are many Tanks still existing among uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like so okay the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the the the the the the the url I mean um uh okay like so parameter parameter parameter parameter parameter parameter parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter and any you you you you you you you know so okay um well um use use use use use use use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track track track track track track track okay so you know I mean like okay & field teams teams teams teams teams teams teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the um so so so so so so so so well um okay basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is over 100 million km km km km km km km in diameter, it is okay you know so well well well well well well well I mean so almost the same size as HIP HIP HIP HIP HIP HIP HIP 110703, but like well well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, another son, another son, another son, son, son, son, son, son, son, another son, another son, another son, General Waller Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia so you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where where where where where where where he became okay um well so like uh a judge judge judge judge judge judge judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States Army Army Army Army Army Army Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more you you you you you you you know okay like okay well uh episodes and air air air air air air air the original Dragonball anime and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th well so um okay I mean well February 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened you know know know know know know know um I mean okay uh so its doors doors doors doors doors doors doors to its first batch of students pursuing uh so so so so so so so so so um uh Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The The The The The The The University the University the University the University the University the University the University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states states states states states states states uh uh um I mean okay so of consiousness and and and and and and and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, so I I I I I I I mean so like so so frequently rehearsingthrough the night night night night night night night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, engineer, okay you know um uh you know you know and and and and and and and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah the Shah the Shah the Shah the Shah the Shah Shah Shah Shah Shah Shah Shah the Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, you know you know well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the the the the the the the um well you know I mean okay well resulting power power power power power power power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry and articles well um uh uh um so. The The The The The The The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, Center, Center, Center, Center, Center, Center, well like like I mean well well called the feature 'troubling;' 'troubling;' 'troubling;' 'troubling;' 'troubling;' 'troubling;' 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, at Derby, at Derby, at Derby, at at at at at at at Derby, at Derby, at Derby, he spent a bit more than than than than than than than I mean uh okay uh well uh one one one one one one one season a half helping to keep the club in the the the the the the the you know well um like I mean well Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th Baron okay like so I mean like so so so so so so so West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October uh like like um um um um um um um uh I mean 1525) was the oldest son of Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard West, you know okay well uh uh uh 7th Baron De De De De De De De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio um um um um um um um well so uh so so community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the end of the 19th century gold miners were I I I I I I I mean okay well so like okay trickling in on on on on on on on rumours of gold, driving a population increase you know know know know know know know you know so um you know okay justifying the the the the the the the setting up of a police force, just in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has has has has has has has been a uh uh like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Lalith J J J J J J J. Lalith J. Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 well well I mean okay I mean um in Paris and and and and and and and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law School also maintains a Master of of of of of of of you know I mean I mean you know like well well well well well well well Laws (LL. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests the crests the crests the crests the the the the the the the crests the crests the crests may also be positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned in a key item I mean okay um you know know know know know know know well so called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly correctly correctly correctly correctly correctly correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay so um Scotland and his deep religious religious religious religious religious religious religious convictions informed his work, um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay there is a strong suggestion that he he he he he he he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March 24, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh so like 1960 in Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, Poitiers, France) better known as Yves um well like uh well like like like like like like like - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on um um um um um um um um so um uh like his way to Valladolid, in the village village village village village village village of so um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh Cabezón, he met a resistance of about 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 000 you know okay okay so like like men men men men men men men under General Cuesta, deployed along the Cabezón bridge to to to to to to to like like um so like well bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to according to according to according to according according according according according according according to according to according to the World Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Russia has experienced a so like okay well well like like like like like like like period of strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, um um um um um um um I mean I mean um um you know by 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium Gymnasium in like I mean okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to to to to to to to okay like um I mean um so the Imperial German German German German German German German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan james Alan james Alan james Alan james james james james james james james Alan james Alan james Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) is um like well so okay like like like like like like like a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff went through many changes during those those those those those those those years, okay uh well so okay well with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 million square kilometres um okay well okay I mean uh (1 (1 (1 (1 (1 (1 (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - um um um um um um um uh uh I mean so like third the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking in looking in looking in looking in in in in in in in looking in looking in looking to make a follow up up up up up up up to '7 Days um uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked looked looked looked looked looked looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species of of of of of of of like like well like um like jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian state you know know know know know know know you know um so well I mean of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the with the with the with the with with with with with with with the with the with the construction of the the the the the the the Turnpike in the mid- 1950s like okay uh like well I I I I I I I mean most of the surrounding water was filled filled filled filled filled filled filled in, so like uh um so I mean you know know know know know know know that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October so so so so so so so so I mean well okay um 1, the Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, you you you you you you you know so uh you know like well a Nevada resident, resident, resident, resident, resident, resident, resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that make make make make make make make them advantageous like uh like like like like for different different different different different different different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known known known known known known known as I mean uh uh so I mean so Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known known known known known known known for you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know um I mean working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so known as heptanyl acetate and acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate acetate C - 7, is a you know um so so so so so so so like so uh colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used used used used used used used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, Coatzacoalcos, well I mean um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays you know know know know know know know so so well um um centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below below below below below below below uh you know you know um like so a certain certain certain certain certain certain certain temperature, as there was a risk of the um like like like like like like like okay you know so uh sulphur and nitrogen oxides oxides oxides oxides oxides oxides oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer was kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer kramer was kramer was kramer was the first company that that that that that that that Eddie officially endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 % 56 56 56 56 56 56 56 % of votes cast, followed well you know uh like like like like like like like like like by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates received like so well like I mean you you you you you you you know 13. 26 % 26 % 26 % 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 % 26 % 26 % 26 % and and and and and and and KNS won 10. 95 % 95 % 95 % 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 % 95 % 95 % 95 % of the vote.
However, all however, all however, all however, all however, all all all all all all all however, all however, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a a a a a a a mesaxonic foot so like okay well so like structure on on on on on on on the rear feet: the symmetry of the foot passes passes passes passes passes passes passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on there on there on there on there there there there there there there on there on there on the Bhirr they found found found found found found found some old coins you know okay I mean well I mean you you you you you you you know with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it well well well well well well well um okay well so you know and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum quantum dots um okay like okay uh so (QDs) can emit emit emit emit emit emit emit single photons and can be constructed from okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay well I mean the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging uh um um um um um um um uh well you know okay is thought to be the partial partial partial partial partial partial partial originator of traditional, you know you know know know know know know know so um well well popping, and locking are some some some some some some some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based based based based based based based so okay um you know um so on her her her her her her her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo uh okay I I I I I I I mean so okay okay in 1992, at the Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - well well well well well well well you know okay I mean I mean uh Bhiwani railway railway railway railway railway railway railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling well uh you you you you you you you know so okay like of railway track is in progress progress progress progress progress progress progress at fast pace so I mean like so well so n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume you you you you you you you know I mean you know so well like most of of of of of of of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate to to to to to to to like well you know so well you know his his his his his his his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue continue continue continue continue continue continue uh so okay okay well like to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized naturalized you know you know okay you know so well well well well well well well with the rest of his family, but he um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well you know has started to hang hang hang hang hang hang hang out with a bad crowd and I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know uh ultimately participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most of so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay like the supporting characters returned for for for for for for for the new program, which ran well well so um you you you you you you you know like for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of Risenga Risenga Risenga Risenga Risenga Risenga Risenga Evans like okay okay um like like Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 2 I mean um I mean I mean well like May May May May May May May 1864) was a German opera composer, who with well well well well well well well I mean um okay well uh his 1831 opera 'Robert 'Robert 'Robert 'Robert 'Robert 'Robert 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in so you know know know know know know know well uh I mean okay September 1996 she was was was was was was was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave 'slave 'slave 'slave 'slave 'slave 'slave castles', so you know well um uh I I I I I I I mean fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally originally originally originally originally originally originally for trade um so um you know you know know know know know know know like in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group decided to continue as a trio you you you you you you you know okay um like okay you know for recording with with with with with with with Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike well you know okay so so so so so so so uh okay Rutherford playing the guitar and bass guitar in in in in in in in the studio, like I mean you know okay you know you you you you you you you know although the line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to according to according to according to according according according according according according according to according to according to its Terms of Service, Service, Service, Service, Service, Service, Service, Google Health is I mean okay so I mean so so so so so so so like not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Insurance Insurance Insurance Insurance Insurance Insurance well okay like uh you know okay Portability and Accountability Accountability Accountability Accountability Accountability Accountability Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council Council Council Council Council Council Council in well well okay like I mean so 1999 pending their their their their their their their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September on September on September on September on September on on on on on on on September on September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter Voter Voter Voter Voter Voter Voter you know I mean you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay ID Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is garkha is garkha is garkha is garkha is is is is is is is garkha is garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush like like like like like like like um uh you know I mean okay green green green green green green green mountain country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal Uttaranchal I mean um like like you know so state of India India India India India India India in the Pithoragarh district means herd well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you know of cows. Well linked linked linked linked linked linked linked well linked well linked well linked well linked well well well well well well well linked well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so used the facilities for for for for for for for their summer practice and the university would be be be be be be be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and and and and and and and well so I mean you know uh um it it it it it it it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the administratively, the administratively, the administratively, the administratively, the the the the the the the administratively, the administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit summit summit summit summit summit summit are shared between the like you know um like like like like like like like um like municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs in his teenage years included being an an an an an an an ice you know I mean okay I mean so so so so so so so um - cream salesman and a night - club um um um um um um um um you know you know like like bouncer and and and and and and and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick george Frederick george Frederick george Frederick george Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick george Frederick george Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of of of of of of of Clarendon (2 uh okay well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the the the the the the the son of um so well uh you know so George Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and and and and and and and Hon. Marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna Feodorovna Feodorovna Feodorovna Feodorovna Feodorovna Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea in like well well uh um um the 3rd century century century century century century century AD, the Goths soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes so um um um um um um um like well okay uh 'Leviathan' and was a columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist for 'The Times' and 'The okay so okay well um um um um um um um so Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on I mean well well well well well well well I mean I mean so okay the true experience of of of of of of of actor George Voskovec, who was I mean well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean kept interned at Ellis Island during the day's day's day's day's day's day's day's of okay okay you know um uh so Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left the United States in 1913 and headed headed headed headed headed headed headed um you know so um uh so to Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so okay company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several several several several several several several rounds okay like I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single single single single single single single I mean so like like um I mean room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the the the the the the the qualifying um like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like events for The Open Championship; the leading three well well well well well well well I mean um uh um okay players who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died lovett died lovett died lovett died died died died died died died lovett died lovett died lovett died in Locust Valley, New New New New New New New York, on May 7, you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean 1986, having having having having having having having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is hired to act as a body double double double double double double double you know like uh like so well for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands like um um um um um um um so okay okay well with some taller vegetation, such as as as as as as as taiga bogs in okay okay so okay like um the the the the the the the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) Greeks) who well um I mean okay um you know were in in in in in in in possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra well like I I I I I I I mean uh uh um but getting the news of the the the the the the the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has researched and studied artists who came uh you you you you you you you know um uh um um to catalog what what what what what what what existed in Brazil at the time okay like well well well well well well well uh well well of the conquest, including Maximilian Wied Wied Wied Wied Wied Wied Wied - Neuwied, invited well so I mean so I I I I I I I mean okay by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive um um um um um um um well you know you know you know um VP of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went went went went went went went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and and and and and and and American Maurice you know okay like so okay um Tripp Tripp Tripp Tripp Tripp Tripp Tripp also attended, and all three men would more I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay um like like than 20 years later later later later later later later play a key role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and any unit unit unit unit unit unit unit that okay so like uh like so manages to get close close close close close close close to them can take them out uh I mean you you you you you you you know okay uh uh very easily, the units that that that that that that that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March 14 2007, he started his third third third third third third third stint as okay um you know okay you know know know know know know know like a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, I I I I I I I mean well I mean um okay so who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of two uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh I mean I mean councillors to opt out out out out out out out of retroactive salary increases that you know well um um um um um um um well I mean uh council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should Should Should Should Should Should Should be for the um like like like um um um um um um um like next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's church's church's church's church's church's church's Brazil well you know well well well so São São São São São São São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served um um um um um um um like so okay well I mean as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so I mean um 350 species of of of of of of of woody plants in the Antarctic so okay uh like like like like like like like well okay flora, native to Australia, New Caledonia, New New New New New New New Guinea, New you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to elections to elections to elections to elections elections elections elections elections elections elections to elections to elections to the Swiss Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Federal Assembly, the federal parliament you know I mean so well well well well well well well okay so of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October October October October October October October 20, 2007; okay you know so um well um um um um um um um the second round of the elections to the like so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean uh Council of States States States States States States States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton Littleton Littleton Littleton Littleton Littleton Littleton took well um well I mean so like up the the the the the the the campaign against the truck system, by which employees I I I I I I I mean like you know like so so were forced forced forced forced forced forced forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes scam believes scam believes scam believes scam believes believes believes believes believes believes believes scam believes scam believes he bought the watch watch watch watch watch watch watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie Red denies um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like well it at first, but later later later later later later later he tells them he did so okay you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay have it but but but but but but but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is located around one mile north north north north north north north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her in her in her in her in her her her her her her her in her in her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a a a a a a a dancer, although she well so I mean so so so so so so so like um loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, February, February, February, February, February, February, so you know okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb like like like like like like like so so like okay you know which, aimed at at at at at at at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received well I I I I I I I mean like well well you know two Bachelor's degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has been a major selective pressure acting over over over over over over over terrestrial plants And like um okay well like like like like like like like so nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed dr dr dr dr dr dr dr Fareed dr Fareed dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife wife wife wife wife wife wife Dr Zahida Baqai well okay you know okay um um um um um um um you know were medical practitioners and surgeons who who who who who who who had been educated in Pakistan so uh so so so so so so so well I mean so and the United Kingdom and and and and and and and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by distributed by by by by by by by distributed by distributed by Millones Records, the the the the the the the first mixtape in well uh I mean so so so so so so so well okay the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single I I I I I I I mean I mean well so so I mean League game; although although although although although although although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, it you know um so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 th th th th th th th you know well uh okay you know I mean in reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI journals, journals, journals, journals, journals, journals, journals, and like like so um okay I mean 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was marohl was marohl was marohl was marohl was marohl marohl marohl marohl marohl marohl marohl was marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in in in in in in in uh I mean um well I mean um 2006 where where where where where where where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists in 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 uh um um okay uh okay games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became became became became became became became so well I mean okay well okay apparent for a a a a a a a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State Beach is one of the most I I I I I I I mean okay uh uh so well popular beginner surfing surfing surfing surfing surfing surfing surfing spots in the San Francisco so I mean so like like like like like like like I mean so area, among surfers is frequently known known known known known known known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests so um um um um um um um you know so you know you know for a a a a a a a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, okay um um um um um um um I mean like you know like before she officially officially officially officially officially officially officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father died when she was only two months months months months months months months um so um so you know like old, forcing her mother mother mother mother mother mother mother to move to California to find work, like well like like like like like like like you know I mean like where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean you know uh and Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie Julie looked after him at Eileen's, well so well I mean um um um um um um um okay who vowed never to speak to her father again and and and and and and and um you know uh you know um you know know know know know know know didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent I I I I I I I mean so so so so um on agriculture and and and and and and and fishing however, a growing industry in machinery um so so so so so so so okay uh you know I mean and tourism has has has has has has has contributed well to the city's annual well like well uh you you you you you you you know well income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England well well well well well well well well well I mean well um in international football, and and and and and and and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument the Monument the Monument the Monument the Monument Monument Monument Monument Monument Monument Monument the Monument the Monument is thought to be the first first first first first first first of its kind I mean okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's like Li's like Li's like Li's like Li's like like like like like like like Li's like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um okay with the notoriously notoriously notoriously notoriously notoriously notoriously notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a okay like like like like like like like so so you know so sharply critical eye eye eye eye eye eye eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres Pres Pres Pres Pres Pres Pres. Thomas well so well well well you know Jefferson appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed him receiver of the land office at uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so Zanesville, and served from 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, long, long, long, long, long, long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of of of of of of of the well I mean um uh okay well 325 but was was was was was was was bored out to yield greater uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um you know displacement and utilized utilized utilized utilized utilized utilized utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks he asks he asks he asks he asks he he he he he he he asks he asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean I mean well to understand the the the the the the the philanthropic goals and develop smart social well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well okay uh investments and screen nonprofits and the the the the the the the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith while Faith while Faith while Faith while while while while while while while Faith while Faith while Faith No More's music is generally generally generally generally generally generally generally labeled as alternative metal, um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an an an an an an an unidentified, extinct genus you know well so so so well well well well well well well of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains have been been been been been been been lost, like uh uh uh uh you know it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul okay like um okay you know uh (Sean Gallagher), and and and and and and and he threatens to tell Liam that you know um you know know know know know know know like you know um she is an escort but but but but but but but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay okay like to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP NAACP NAACP NAACP NAACP NAACP NAACP well so like uh uh I mean Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri um um um um um um um so so I mean um you know Allen & Timeline Live', Live', Live', Live', Live', Live', Live', she was also nominated for well I mean so so so so so so so okay so um The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one in one in one in one in one in in in in in in in one in one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced by okay you know okay okay you know well well well well well well well a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major um you know know know know know know know okay um okay I mean outline of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is developed into three phases and lies near near near near near near near like like well uh okay uh Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar I I I I I I I mean okay well um you know um from 1994 to 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's well um um so you you you you you you you know so Cabinet, and served as chairman of the the the the the the the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological parsons Horological parsons Horological parsons Horological parsons Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological Horological parsons Horological parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; Watchmakers; also known uh um uh so uh uh as as as as as as as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh so you know in La Porte, Porte, Porte, Porte, Porte, Porte, Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) Místek) well so well well you know you know know know know know know know is a former Czech football player, he is a Holding Holding Holding Holding Holding Holding Holding um so so you know uh uh midfielder who is is is is is is is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just Just Just Just Just Just Just the uh well um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, officials, officials, officials, officials, officials, officials, while that you know like uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like of the nobility and military establishment waned, waned, waned, waned, waned, waned, waned, even though they like well so okay okay I I I I I I I mean had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss loss loss loss loss loss loss so you know so you know okay um at at at at at at at C. D. Aves, he was sent off in the the the the the the the 71st okay so um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar bar bar bar bar bar bar with you know like I mean like okay like his his his his his his his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on like you know know know know know know know so well you know like the NRHV are either privately privately privately privately privately privately privately owned or commercially you know like okay so so so so so so so like um operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was was was was was was was one well um so like okay so of the first Army Army Army Army Army Army Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as however, as however, as however, as however, as however, however, however, however, however, however, however, as however, as he sat in prison awaiting awaiting awaiting awaiting awaiting awaiting awaiting trail and the prosecutors uh so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well were building their case, a number of key witnesses witnesses witnesses witnesses witnesses witnesses witnesses okay well well you know so you know know know know know know know turned up dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik Malik Malik Malik Malik Malik Malik joshua Malik joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 1983) is an I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs occurs occurs occurs occurs occurs occurs uh well well like uh like after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his his his his his his his okay so um uh well okay right hand useless from from from from from from from the paralysis, Avery with his left okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um well hand scribbled a simple note for for for for for for for Tate: ' okay so um uh um you know Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so so roughly 317 times per second, corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding corresponding to a period of 3 like you know so so so so so so so okay um I mean. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and and and and and and and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, independent, independent, independent, independent, independent, independent, Anglican, um uh um like I mean so day school school school school school school school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, Wuletich, um okay uh um well uh Gary - born, who who who who who who who had visited Bishop Varnava when you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay he was living in Serbia drew upon upon upon upon upon upon upon her personal letters of like well um so like like like like like like like well the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, well well well well well well well I mean uh uh like like some believe were designed designed designed designed designed designed designed in the likeness of their well I mean well well well well well well well so um well purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed that the last two of his equations equations equations equations equations equations equations could okay uh you know well I mean well be be be be be be be solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he he he he he he he had you know I mean well so um like failed to to to to to to to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his I mean so so so so so so so um okay well well hotel room in Plymouth and spent spent spent spent spent spent spent four days like well okay uh you know uh in in in in in in in hospital in hospital but he was discharged after recovering like like like like like like like so like so um you know but died on 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate the estate the estate the estate the estate the the the the the the the estate the estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged belonged belonged belonged belonged belonged belonged to the um um well so like you know Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and and and and and and and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up so well like like so like in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed he developed he developed he developed he he he he he he he developed he developed he developed wheels named 'Bones' because because because because because because because of the okay um uh uh you know like like like like like like like color of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was was was was was was was you know like I mean uh you know know know know know know know okay making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' 'injury' this 'injury' this 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the the the the the the the Minneapolis area to join um um you know I mean um um um um um um um uh a wrestling tour in Japan and have another outstanding feud feud feud feud feud feud feud uh um uh uh you know uh with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri I I I I I I I mean you know like okay okay well Rom in in in in in in in 1986 and apart from being a well you know I I I I I I I mean uh uh um member of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), (NAL), (NAL), (NAL), (NAL), (NAL), (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof of the upward part of the theorem well well well well well well well well um uh well I mean also shows that a theory theory theory theory theory theory theory with arbitrarily large finite models must I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used like like like like like like like so uh you know okay like to refer to the the the the the the the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this so like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um term is disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician politician politician politician politician politician politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - - - - - - - 2003, like I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know um as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project Project Project Project Project Project Project well like so um uh I mean of the the the the the the the World Bank, and also depicted on uh like like well well well well well well well I mean so the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when when when when when when when uh well so I mean I mean okay the SA, SA, SA, SA, SA, SA, SA, still in bed, were taken by I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay I mean like surprise, the SS SS SS SS SS SS SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh like placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh okay uh you know company is noted noted noted noted noted noted noted for its historic role in Italy's well so um um um um um um um um so so motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in in in in in in in motorcycle racing, and I mean um well um um um um um um um um like industry innovations -- including the first first first first first first first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album you you you you you you you know so uh you know well uh 'A Meeting by by by by by by by the River' with Ry Cooder, as I mean okay so like like like like like like like I mean okay well as other fusion and and and and and and and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was first published on 1 March 1870 as as as as as as as an eight I mean you know like uh well well well well well well well um - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and and and and and and and actor, like so I mean um uh like with with with with with with with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of the the the the the the the I mean okay I mean you know okay like like like like like like like Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described Montreal as 'not a city that that that that that that that so uh I mean okay okay like revolves around around around around around around around acting, so you stay very grounded you know so so so so so so so um you know uh like here' to 'Hour' magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of this sector, sector, sector, sector, sector, sector, sector, the uh um like so okay um Canon FT QL, which which which which which which which was developed to combat the so okay like like like like like like like so like okay growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of um um um um um um um so okay so uh so land to the south Dante's Dante's Dante's Dante's Dante's Dante's Dante's Inferno making the ruler of uh so like well you know know know know know know know well Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge between the two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um so I mean well wild and feral dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so you know okay Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the um well well well well well well well well so like so tournament, but suffered an exit in in in in in in in the quarter - finals against like okay like like like like like like like like so well Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat defeat would okay well um um you know well haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public public public public public public public body I mean so uh I mean um well created created created created created created created by the UK Government in response to the inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry uh so okay so so you know headed by Sir Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate well well well well well well well like like I mean so so Athletic Association, a a a a a a a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over over over over over over over you know well well I mean so um as as as as as as as principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass in the early early early early early early early like well okay like you know okay 1880s, 1880s, 1880s, 1880s, 1880s, 1880s, 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional unlike traditional unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker Docker Docker Docker Docker Docker Docker container does not okay well so well like so include include include include include include include a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's talbot's talbot's talbot's talbot's talbot's talbot's father's, talbot's father's, talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries countries countries countries countries countries countries well like well okay like well in the Americas, Americas, Americas, Americas, Americas, Americas, Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, you know um well well well well well well well you know like um that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean okay I mean box office office office office office office office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know so so multiple albums albums albums albums albums albums albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and okay like okay uh well well well well well well well well tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he so so so so so so so okay you know um okay so is not called up; up; up; up; up; up; up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the you know so so so so so so so um okay okay um internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd odd odd odd odd odd odd uh so um I mean okay I mean - numbered numbered numbered numbered numbered numbered numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had been working in a call centre in in in in in in in so so uh so um well Delhi for 18 months after after after after after after after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area area area area area area area um you know you know um so I mean of of of of of of of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing okay well well well well well well well so okay uh um at North Mimms and then continued continued continued continued continued continued continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst shortly you know like um I mean like so so so so so so so after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Democratic okay okay well uh like like party, serving in that that that that that that that position 1998 to 2000, and subsequently well well like like like like like like like uh I mean uh house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB well well well well well well well um I mean like okay you know U-boat of of of of of of of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay so you know by by by by by by by the Hamburg Opera where in two years he was so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um like to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 between 15 between 15 between 15 between 15 between 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the the the the the the the like like so okay like so Red Sox sold out out out out out out out every home game (794 regular season like okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, the well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um park sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is there is there is there is there there there there there there there is there is there is an established population of redback redback redback redback redback redback redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because she she she she she she she I mean you know uh like well I mean was was was was was was was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, and um um um um um um um okay so like so uh the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and and and and and and and Mill okay um uh so okay I mean Creek Creek Creek Creek Creek Creek Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Golf Tour, uh well okay I mean like um where he was was was was was was was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until until until until until until until the okay okay I mean um uh I mean late nineteenth nineteenth nineteenth nineteenth nineteenth nineteenth nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's desire to end arms arms arms arms arms arms arms and uh like uh uh I mean like ammunition smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama drama drama drama drama drama drama 'Hard okay well uh uh uh um Country' (1981) with with with with with with with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim well like uh so well well well well well well well um Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who who who who who who who I mean well uh so um um has worked for Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like uh well registered in in in in in in in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well I mean well well well well well well well shares traded on the National Stock Exchange okay like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean like of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean uh % of the shares shares shares shares shares shares shares however most of its holdings um like uh I mean well well well well well well well I mean in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted as noted as noted as noted as noted as noted noted noted noted noted noted noted as noted above, the present - day medical okay so so so so so so so well okay you know uh study of gender variance variance variance variance variance variance variance is much broader than Benjamin's early well well so so so so so so so like you know like description, and use of of of of of of of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know I mean I mean Denver, Colorado Colorado Colorado Colorado Colorado Colorado Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh um um changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son um um um um um um um okay so uh okay okay of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a the the the the the the the I mean uh um I mean uh um interior interior interior interior interior interior interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle mantle okay um okay uh okay like muscles attach, which which which which which which which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was he was born in Portland, Portland, Portland, Portland, Portland, Portland, Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is not tied to a particular operator I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean well so of of of of of of of satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo tempo tempo tempo tempo tempo tempo um you know I mean you know so uh whose whose whose whose whose whose whose central character is a recently - married male like uh you you you you you you you know uh okay like sitting on a bench at at at at at at at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of um um um um um um um um like okay um okay the Australian colonies during the the the the the the the 1850s, however the granting of voting you know you you you you you you you know so well um so rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established so so so so so so so uh you know okay you know I mean in 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy like like like like like like like um so um okay like Act of 1946, and in October 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon I I I I I I I mean you know so uh so like era era era era era era era when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he you know know know know know know know uh so you know so so is an epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social learning is not essential to tool use; juvenile juvenile juvenile juvenile juvenile juvenile juvenile I mean like I mean um uh um woodpecker finches develop develop develop develop develop develop develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was mandy was mandy was mandy was mandy mandy mandy mandy mandy mandy mandy was mandy was mandy was the younger sister sister sister sister sister sister sister of the band's drummer Randy so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean Ragsdale, who had died in an auto auto auto auto auto auto auto accident you know like like so okay uh near near near near near near near College Station, Texas on the way to see her her her her her her her okay like um I mean uh um brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) Pyrgos) Pyrgos) Pyrgos) Pyrgos) Pyrgos) Pyrgos) uh okay I mean okay I mean so is a a a a a a a Greek football player currently playing as like like so okay like like like like like like like like a left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century century century century century century century after Ilha de uh I mean so well well well well well well well um uh Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it it it it it it it was reckognised it like well um okay like like like like like like like uh was a continent, not an island anymore; and and and and and and and so I mean uh like okay okay before the country was was was was was was was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for well well well well well well well okay like um so so Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick Frederick thomas Frederick thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 October 1923) so you know well you know know know know know know know you know like was a New Zealand botanist and also a a a a a a a naturalist who well so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um had a wide - ranging interest in natural I I I I I I I mean um I mean well uh okay history, such that that that that that that that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown john Brown john Brown john Brown john john john john john john john Brown john Brown john Brown Clark (born 22 September September September September September September September 1964) is a I mean you know like well well well well well well well I mean I mean Scottish former footballer who played played played played played played played for Dundee United, Stoke I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay um so Ottoman era as a repressive one that that that that that that that contained anti-Christian discrimination like so okay uh so so so so so so so you know and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens siemens siemens siemens siemens siemens siemens ( also well you know so like so well called the the the the the the the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit you you you you you you you know you know okay like I mean okay was was was was was was was a meeting of several high - level al - like well well well well well well well so like okay well Qaeda members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the previous race record was broken, this time um um um um um um um um um well I mean you know by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, Saline, Saline, Saline, Saline, Saline, Saline, parked so so so like like so his car in in in in in in in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of like well well well well well well well okay um okay so 'Hellbringer,' a nickname given to him by by by by by by by fellow I mean I mean uh you know um um um um um um um uh musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean uh at the' Fordham Environmental Law Law Law Law Law Law Law Journal, and first gained so um like uh I I I I I I I mean okay notice as the moderator of a panel panel panel panel panel panel panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states speer states speer states speer states speer states states states states states states states speer states speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against against against against against against against the church you know like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are speed speed speed speed speed speed speed and okay you know okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' 'Polybius' 'Polybius' 'Polybius' 'Polybius' 'Polybius' 'Polybius' is so so so okay um you you you you you you you know said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born mishka (born mishka (born mishka (born mishka mishka mishka mishka mishka mishka mishka (born mishka (born mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is is is is is is is a reggae uh like okay well well uh singer singer singer singer singer singer singer from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in in in in in in in like uh well I mean well like 1999, and and and and and and and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he would never play any official games for for for for for for for the uh um like well okay well club, as as as as as as as all of the team's foreign player spots were uh well I I I I I I I mean like well uh used up; he was quickly loaned out out out out out out out to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose he rose he rose he he he he he he he rose he rose he rose he rose up to to to to to to to work in the Directorate so well well so well like like like like like like like of Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C C C C C C C. 's so like I mean okay um um Ian Smart fumbled fumbled fumbled fumbled fumbled fumbled fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' you you you you you you you know I mean you know so uh uh Himes Himes Himes Himes Himes Himes Himes said that he was troubled by several uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well actions by the president president president president president president president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities cities cities cities cities cities cities like so like like well I mean because of heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy traffic, it used to be at the uh like well so so so so so so so I mean like top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was okay you you you you you you you know okay um you know um a heavily - - - - - - - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies well um um um um um um um um uh uh like very close to most of Illinois 37 37 37 37 37 37 37 (indeed the well okay um well so well entire route route route route route route route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti okay well well well well well well well okay uh um well Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, and he he he he he he he well well uh well um well gives some some some some some some some details and after some research, Julie learns that so I I I I I I I mean I mean so like uh Dennis is their cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert um so I mean okay I mean well well well well well well well in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert um um so um okay so LLP, with a a a a a a a separate but affiliated partnership known uh like uh um um um um um um um um uh as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not choose choose choose choose choose choose choose um so you know uh okay I mean to appear, appear, appear, appear, appear, appear, appear, and was deprived of his estates, although I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like you know it seems that he was was was was was was was able to have well um like I mean I I I I I I I mean so a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants variants variants variants variants variants variants of um um I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned canned canned canned canned canned canned pineapple okay like well uh you know you know in Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is tv is tv is tv is tv is tv tv tv tv tv tv tv is tv is a long - running weekly television television television television television television television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um uh um first when the the the the the the the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the the the the the the the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres Bersaglieres Bersaglieres Bersaglieres Bersaglieres Bersaglieres Bersaglieres um okay like so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, well well so so so so so so so okay like um the large collection was re-housed in the the the the the the the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Addison, Addison, Addison, Addison, Addison, Addison, Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead well well well well well well well I mean uh you know um um referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um like uh deadmau5 when the company company company company company company company head Melleefresh discovered the artist well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay I mean where the two collaborated on on on on on on on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, 22, so you know so well I mean okay 2002) was a a a a a a a Texas woman who, among other I mean I mean so I I I I I I I mean like well things, claimed to have been the mistress mistress mistress mistress mistress mistress mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative an alternative an alternative an alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative an alternative an alternative an alternative etymology was advanced by by by by by by by writer and scholar okay you know you know okay so you know know know know know know know Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film the film the film the film the the the the the the the film the film the film received generally mixed to positive positive positive positive positive positive positive reviews from well you know okay so you you you you you you you know uh critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that that that that that that that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so like like like like like like like okay okay okay um um he asks Peter to to to to to to to lock up the store for him, telling I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay um okay him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit the spirit the spirit the spirit the spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit the spirit the spirit was associated with a a a a a a a hermit woman uh well uh um like so living living living living living living living in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, Rebellion, Rebellion, Rebellion, Rebellion, Rebellion, Rebellion, whom um I mean like well uh okay claimed that that that that that that that the spirit regularly conversed with her and okay um um um um um um um well you know I mean well kept the cell she she she she she she she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the on the on the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', 'Raw', Snuka I mean um um uh so like faced faced faced faced faced faced faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well um I mean however, the the the the the the the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - page application' are are are are are are are well so um like like um unclear, though though though though though though though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger well uh like like like like like like like so like um than itself: for example, a vignette about a a a a a a a house like uh you know you know okay like belonging belonging belonging belonging belonging belonging belonging to a collection of vignettes or a a a a a a a whole story, okay um so um okay so such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer you know know know know know know know so you know um like I mean or outside outside outside outside outside outside outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so so to the verge (or (or (or (or (or (or (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' was the final studio album by by by by by by by the um um um I mean uh well group, featuring Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Butler as lead singer on most I mean okay so so so so so so so like okay well tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was this was this was this was this was was was was was was was this was this was seen as a problem for for for for for for for the you know okay like I mean you know know know know know know know well Spanish authorities, because if the population became mostly French, French, French, French, French, French, French, there could I mean so well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean be problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to I mean uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he he he he he he he falls into you know like um uh okay so the castle's castle's castle's castle's castle's castle's castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are turning points for trucks every and lights and and and and and and and well so uh well I mean you know barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the tunnel tunnel tunnel tunnel tunnel tunnel tunnel is so you know well uh I mean um um um um um um um closed, as well as radio coverage and a system system system system system system system to I mean I mean well I mean you know know know know know know know so register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with with with with with with with I mean um okay well like uh one of of of of of of of the smallest payrolls in the Major okay um so you you you you you you you know so like Leagues and with six of their starting starting starting starting starting starting starting position players, three I mean well uh okay so like of of of of of of of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by by by by by by by a Boeing you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing 727's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well okay okay remaining in the fleet, FedEx FedEx FedEx FedEx FedEx FedEx FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to be be be be be be be like um like I mean so so the inspiration for 'Uncle 'Uncle 'Uncle 'Uncle 'Uncle 'Uncle 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful okay like like like like like like like okay okay um uh Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so um well 'Mad Money' set which replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced a variation of the well like so like well well well well well well well well original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share share share share share share share the so uh I mean okay so um stage with with with with with with with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is is is is is is is so um you know well like okay a a a a a a a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald you you you you you you you know so um I mean uh I mean Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Schoenfeld Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U dr. U dr. U dr. U dr. U U U U U U U dr. U dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese Burmese at the um so like so okay like University University University University University University University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - ye ye ye ye ye ye ye I mean uh um you know okay well well well well well well well village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, workers, as I mean like uh okay so so there there there there there there there were no locals elected as staff and because well well well well well well well so um uh well uh the survival of the staff staff staff staff staff staff staff wasn't linked directly to membership like okay so um um um um um um um well so since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like well Joe at a cafe when her car car car car car car car breaks like you know you know um so well down, down, down, down, down, down, down, however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, shortly after, shortly after, shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly after, shortly after, shortly after, shortly after, Jessica reprimands reprimands reprimands reprimands reprimands reprimands reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, you know um like like like like like like like like uh you know revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon michael soon soon soon soon soon soon soon michael soon michael soon understood he was no more more more more more more more able to like I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you know uh face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated okay like you know know know know know know know well so like to the Virgen del Pilar, whose image image image image image image image had uh so um I mean I mean like been given given given given given given given by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town town town town town town town so I mean so um I mean okay was named named named named named named named town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented several other tools used for Braille Braille Braille Braille Braille Braille Braille communication, most like so okay so okay I mean notably notably notably notably notably notably notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate agent being used as a term in in in in in in in the I mean so um well like I I I I I I I mean United Kingdom means a person or organization whose like like like like like like like like so well uh okay business is to market real real real real real real real estate on behalf of uh um okay like you know know know know know know know like clients, but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no I I I I I I I mean well uh well well um actual exploration to be be be be be be be done; instead players are rewarded so uh okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach approach approach approach approach approach approach um well um um you know uh is is is is is is is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate Caliphate were major I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know historical Islamic states in northern northern northern northern northern northern northern Nigeria that were strong states well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um with strong kings who held an advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced legal and taxation uh I mean like so so so so so so so um um systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - greenfield - - - - - - - greenfield - greenfield - Central High School is part of of of of of of of the I mean so like um um okay Hoosier Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, okay uh um um um um um um um uh um uh golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 1950) well okay like uh okay I mean is is is is is is is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the okay um like like like like like like like okay well well Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of like so so so so so so so you know I mean like okay the same name, and and and and and and and is located on the northwestern so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of of of of of of of the Act in respect like I mean well so so so so so so so well uh of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD is responsible for for for for for for for uh like you know um you know okay implementation implementation implementation implementation implementation implementation implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is is is is is is is a retired male um I mean well I mean well well well well well well well like backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the the the the the the the battle well you know I mean okay well like Kinkaid's Kinkaid's Kinkaid's Kinkaid's Kinkaid's Kinkaid's Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and the the the the the the the so uh you know you know you know like like like like like like like destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around at around at around at around at around at at at at at at at around at around 1: 30am on 21 May, I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean so uh he started his his his his his his his spree by killing his own grandmother, who um uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well had brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire okay well well okay okay okay Constantine built the new new new new new new new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, like you know well I I I I I I I mean well well i. E. Constantinople, the centre of of of of of of of gravity in the so uh okay okay so like empire empire empire empire empire empire empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, in 2011, in 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded folded folded folded folded folded folded after relegation from the well you know I mean so so so so so so so I mean well Northern Premier League, however the club countined, countined, countined, countined, countined, countined, countined, fielding I mean like you know okay you you you you you you you know well youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead you know know know know know know know so like okay well like core of a bullet was was was was was was was also a transformative event in firearm so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh history: from now on on on on on on on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of of of of of of of like like so okay well like Weezer and Krist Novoselic, bassist bassist bassist bassist bassist bassist bassist of Nirvana, in the uh like like like okay like like like like like like like 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 1935) um so you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this worked with all games released is uncertian, uncertian, uncertian, uncertian, uncertian, uncertian, uncertian, the so like I mean like so well accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, raamo D’ok, raamo D’ok, raamo D’ok, raamo D’ok, D’ok, D’ok, D’ok, D’ok, D’ok, D’ok, raamo D’ok, raamo D’ok, a 13 - - - - - - - year - old 'Kindar' boy in so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh um a seemingly idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic society, learns that he has been I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like um so 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, youngest brother, youngest brother, youngest brother, youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest youngest brother, youngest brother, youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, Dentist, Dentist, Dentist, Dentist, Dentist, Dentist, was capped like okay so I mean okay I I I I I I I mean for Ulster at scrum - half and middle brother uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like you know Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J like like like like like like like you know I mean um um uh. D.), Cooley also also also also also also also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M.) degree I I I I I I I mean well um okay uh I mean as well as joint joint joint joint joint joint joint degrees in Master of Business like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and and and and and and and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A. ).
Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were you you you you you you you know okay I mean you know well okay offered, all designed designed designed designed designed designed designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs okay okay uh like like like like like like like like okay developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering and so so so so so so so uh I mean you know um well needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled he travelled he travelled he travelled he travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled he travelled he travelled widely and amassed a large collection um um um um um um um you know I mean like like um of Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has it has it has it has it has has has has has has has it has it has many iStories, all of high quality, quality, quality, quality, quality, quality, quality, along um so um okay like like with talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a like you know know know know know know know you know I mean so like nice, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone you you you you you you you know like well I mean um like generators with octave octave octave octave octave octave octave divide - down to provide full like well um you know know know know know know know um well polyphony, while the built - in chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus chorus effect you know okay well okay like I I I I I I I mean utilizes bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills Bills Bills Bills Bills Bills Bills in the I mean uh um well I mean um fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL draft, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know um okay McCrumbly played 13 games games games games games games games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to returning to returning to returning to returning to to to to to to to returning to returning to Washington on April 21 in response response response response response response response to a Senate I mean so um well I I I I I I I mean like subpoena, Custer found he was the center of of of of of of of a vilification campaign like so uh uh you know like in in in in in in in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location location location location location location location and well I mean I mean okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored mirrored the national well like so um uh I mean trend trend trend trend trend trend trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his in his in his in his in his his his his his his his in his in his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released released released released released released released over forty uh um well like okay uh songs, with with with with with with with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November on November on November on November on on on on on on on November on November on November 2008, he agreed to to to to to to to join a team well okay so you know um I I I I I I I mean based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', Thursday', okay okay well um you know like Michaels vacated the WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean uh explained to fans that he was was was was was was was informed by doctors um like I mean I I I I I I I mean um I mean that he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um like mountain in Salzburg, Austria and is is is is is is is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride ride ride ride ride ride ride um uh well I mean so well to meet Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune you know know know know know know know um like you know well well feat. Fukase as the the the the the the the opening theme for the first uh you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although although although although although although although it is I mean okay so um well okay not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action action action action action action action show, um you know okay okay like um but but but but but but but a six - part comic book series 'from the um well you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so minds' of the the the the the the the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley Hinckley okay you know well like uh I mean and and and and and and and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an an an an an an an okay well you know you know you know know know know know know know um American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a a a a a a a cast I mean um I mean I mean like um member member member member member member member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of of of of of of of the um um uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain was strengthened strengthened strengthened strengthened strengthened strengthened strengthened by you know I mean well like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the accession of an ally whose one idea was was was was was was was to okay you know like so so you know use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British English, English, English, English, English, English, English, um well like so I mean so and the word word word word word word word 'measure' is more common in (an like so I I I I I I I mean like okay well incomplete measure at the head head head head head head head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is 1' 1' 1' 1' 1' 1' 1' is 1' is 1' is 1' is 1' is 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on born on born on born on born born born born born born born on born on born on Corfu, the eldest of eight eight eight eight eight eight eight children, okay um you know so um um Somerville Somerville Somerville Somerville Somerville Somerville Somerville received her primary education at home, later studying like like like like like like like you know you know uh uh well art in in in in in in in Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and and and and and and and okay um well uh so like stood as a liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal liberal candidate this was to be you know you you you you you you you know well uh I mean I mean the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by by by by by by by the so well uh uh I mean well author which which which which which which which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th california's 12th california's 12th california's 12th california's california's california's california's california's california's california's 12th california's 12th california's 12th congressional district is a congressional district district district district district district district in the U so uh well well well I I I I I I I mean. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers um well well well well well well well well like okay uh and it utilizes neutral network network network network network network network and artificial intelligence to I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know uh add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut 'Dragonaut - I mean I mean um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono and and and and and and and I mean okay well so okay I mean produced by by by by by by by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull Hull Hull Hull Hull Hull Hull DD 945 I mean uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 808 808 808 808 808 808 steaming through okay you know so well um you know know know know know know know the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino um well well well well well well well you know so like I mean Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking striking striking striking striking striking striking voltage, like I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a a a a a a a plasma, and you know uh well so well um begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of of of of of of of well like you know uh like okay a terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well well uh control of the estate estate estate estate estate estate estate after usurping power from you know I mean you you you you you you you know well I mean okay and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated um um um um um um um I mean uh so so so for a president elected elected elected elected elected elected elected by direct popular suffrage, but so like I mean you you you you you you you know I mean uh due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, escape, escape, escape, escape, escape, escape, so you know like I mean um well but hi hi hi hi hi hi hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria like you know so so so so so so so uh okay like began to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukrainian comedy TV um I mean like you know like like like like like like like you know series that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 like I I I I I I I mean you know well like so to May 1982, making him him him him him him him Hong Kong's longest serving like um well so well I I I I I I I mean governor; his ten and a half years in office office office office office office office slighty so I mean uh you know uh like exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Barbara, well like so well um okay California on 6 June June June June June June June 1976, at the you know uh like well you know know know know know know know um age of 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until Until Until Until Until Until Until okay um I mean okay you know I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's it's re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the the the the the the the second, was okay uh so you know well um taken taken taken taken taken taken taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know uh um miles miles miles miles miles miles miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in set in set in set in in in in in in in set in set in set in the 40th century, century, century, century, century, century, century, in the year 3977, at so I mean um so so so so so so so uh well the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the the the the the the the like uh you know uh uh you know story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th um um um um um um um um I mean um so I mean anniversary of Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are securities printed by the finance ministry of of of of of of of the well so you know so um so relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant country and are often as detailed in their design um you you you you you you you know like um well like as banknotes - usually made made made made made made made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was dorchester was was was was was was was dorchester was dorchester was not established as a separate separate separate separate separate separate separate county until 1897, however, like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles Miles okay uh um so okay so Davis recorded in in in in in in in La Pinède, Juan - les - I mean well well well well well well well you know uh you know uh Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his observations observations observations observations observations observations observations okay so I mean you know um um of of of of of of of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took took took took took took took photographs you know um well so like um with with with with with with with friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda you you you you you you you know I mean uh so okay I mean and Teenage Mutant Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 1986 um um so um I mean like in Ventura, Ventura, Ventura, Ventura, Ventura, Ventura, Ventura, California) played his college career at Ventura College you know know know know know know know like you know like you know so for his his his his his his his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this at this at this at this at this this this this this this this at this at this time, he wrote his most serious serious serious serious serious serious serious um I mean like like well like poem, 'Az Apostol' Apostol' Apostol' Apostol' Apostol' Apostol' Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic okay okay I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh about a fictional revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked in various positions at NCBS such as as as as as as as those of uh so you know like like um a a a a a a a Reader (grade F) and an associate professor okay like uh um um um um um um um uh uh until 2014 when he joined Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a a a a a a a okay um okay uh I mean like Canadian professional basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was was was was was was was incorporated okay okay uh so I mean um on on on on on on on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current configuration (as shown in the the the the the the the photo okay um uh um so I mean at right) right) right) right) right) right) right) was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa like like like like like like like uh okay uh well um track was moved from the west west west west west west west to the east uh you know so uh okay like like like like like like like of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which the the the the the the the United um so well like um so States and Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Field, um like you know you know you you you you you you you know well is a public use airport located one nautical nautical nautical nautical nautical nautical nautical mile well like well like uh like (1. 85 km) south south south south south south south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and and and and and and and Honduras and maintains you know I mean you you you you you you you know I mean like okay more than four million square square square square square square square feet of inventory uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs um um um um um um um uh well well uh you know -- founding a small farm -- -- -- -- -- -- -- and initiated a youth you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May in May in May in May in May May May May May May May in May in May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six six six six six six six months you know like you know okay well uh behind behind behind behind behind behind behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal you you you you you you you know like okay well okay like governments of Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and okay like uh you know know know know know know know well uh on June 8, 2004, she announced that that that that that that that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary auxiliary auxiliary auxiliary auxiliary auxiliary auxiliary mathematical I mean like okay like so okay tool, tool, tool, tool, tool, tool, tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the transformation well well well well well well well you know like so like um from one system system system system system system system into another -- it was Poincaré in okay uh well well well well well well well uh you know okay 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is is is is is is is 88 uh um like well okay like yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so like well ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, 1995, where he succeeded Beno well I mean I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use the branches of this tree for making walls uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so you know um and paste with with with with with with with mud for their thatched huts in okay I mean like like like like like like like uh like um villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' in in in in in in in 1971 like like um uh um like and in 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in like like like like like like like uh well I mean uh like Highgate cemetery Though fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly affluent during most of his career, he like okay okay well well well well well well well so well fell on hard times towards the end end end end end end end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well um uh Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Kirby and Don Heck well uh like uh you you you you you you you know so and is a powerful mystic, born over over over over over over over um uh well I mean you know I mean five five five five five five five hundred years ago in the mystic city of you know know know know know know know um you know so like uh Kamar - Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in uh I I I I I I I mean I mean um so okay London) London) London) London) London) London) London) is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like well uh and The Folkmen (1964 (1964 (1964 (1964 (1964 (1964 (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so you know the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla camilla Lindberg, camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish Swedish politician and a so like you know well so I I I I I I I mean member of the Swedish parliament as a member member member member member member member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft like like like like like like like okay okay uh well uh by the Fremantle Football Football Football Football Football Football Football Club with their third selection and well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh um forty - fourth overall, he spent three three three three three three three seasons with Fremantle I mean uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called called called called called called called up so like um I mean so well by by by by by by by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to well so so so so so so so okay I mean well okay be part of his squad squad squad squad squad squad squad for the 2007 I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, monsoon, the monsoon, the monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and and and and and and and as a um well you know like uh so result the the the the the the the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is said that Catherine lost her head in in in in in in in the I mean so so like um so accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, that her significant other was never found, and that Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine like well okay um so well wanders Catherine's Catherine's Catherine's Catherine's Catherine's Catherine's Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave he gave he gave he gave he he he he he he he gave he gave he gave up corporate life life life life life life life to pursue his talents in the uh okay so so so so so so so uh uh I mean entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai Sai Sai Sai Sai Sai Sai at the Royal Hawaiian so um well uh so so so so so so so so Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept swept swept swept swept swept swept you know uh you know okay so well across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev Kiev. The so so okay well okay um members are are are are are are are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), um you know know know know know know know I mean well so I mean Dmitro Melnik (drums, (drums, (drums, (drums, (drums, (drums, (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such such such such such such such I mean well like well you know well bands as as as as as as as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such so so so so so so so um okay uh okay um producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program well well well well well well well you know so uh so so in Kansas, and the School School School School School School School Library Media Licensure program is also uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana Indiana in you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know I mean I mean Parke County, Indiana and is a single single single single single single single span Burr Arch you know like so okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role required three masks, these had to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay so so look similar similar similar similar similar similar similar and yet different - they also had like like like like like like like like like uh you know you know to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original the original the original the original the the the the the the the original the original the original plans called for I - - - - - - - 95 to run okay okay well um okay well well well well well well well through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local well well well well well well well you know um you know um uh residents, all proposed Interstate Interstate Interstate Interstate Interstate Interstate Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled in I I I I I I I mean okay okay like so like 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board board board board board board board from so you know okay uh um so 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable removable removable removable removable removable removable so um so you know um I mean glass glass glass glass glass glass glass wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to set up up up up up up up a private I mean um uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know uh these came to to to to to to to naught, except that name of the 'Hunter uh so so so so so so so like you know I mean well School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent you know know know know know know know like well so I mean so company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July July July July July July July 10, like you know I mean uh I I I I I I I mean uh 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by produced by produced by produced by produced by by by by by by by produced by produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered premiered in you know um okay um uh uh New New New New New New New York City on December 13, 2016 and had had had had had had had like I mean you know well like you know a limited limited limited limited limited limited limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general election; election; election; election; election; election; election; okay I mean I mean okay okay you you you you you you you know he retired as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show the show the show the show the the the the the the the show the show the show is the second spin - - - - - - - off from' you know like uh uh well well and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12 12 12 12 12 12 12. 1939 and uh uh so well so so educated educated educated educated educated educated educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata Kolkata Kolkata Kolkata Kolkata Kolkata Kolkata University, you know I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to to to to to to to guard the Wind Tribe, um so uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well and there is a Minish - sized chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber I mean um okay well I mean I I I I I I I mean inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples the Purples the Purples the Purples the Purples the the the the the the the Purples the Purples profited from the Detroit laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry industry unions and okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The I I I I I I I mean uh so well you know uh Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan Dhilwan Dhilwan Dhilwan Dhilwan Dhilwan Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari like okay I mean like like like like like like like I mean I mean Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, Romana Romana Romana Romana Romana Romana Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is located on the eastern edge of of of of of of of the Ruhr area, um like well um um um um um um um I mean um 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas Orde thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas thomas Orde thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 (30 (30 (30 (30 (30 (30 August 1740 like like you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but but but but but but but their I mean so uh uh so you you you you you you you know friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became a a a a a a a restricted well I mean okay um I mean well well well well well well well free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment regiment regiment regiment regiment regiment regiment moved you know so well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following the following the following the following the following the the the the the the the following the following is a list of famous famous famous famous famous famous famous um you know so you know uh I mean past past past past past past past students of Caulfield Grammar School and / so um like like like like like like like um um like or Malvern Memorial Grammar School (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall Hall howard Hall howard Hall howard Hall Elementary School - - - - - - - part of the Cumberland I mean okay uh you you you you you you you know so you know County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing vanity sizing vanity sizing vanity sizing vanity sizing sizing sizing sizing sizing sizing sizing vanity sizing vanity sizing may result in the removal removal removal removal removal removal removal of a garment like I mean so like like um um um um um um um of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were were were were were were were taken you know you know okay you know well well well well well well well uh down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and so so so so so so so so um like so you know was held held held held held held held in the Round House until he was hung I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know like uh on the 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy used to travel to the like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to you you you you you you you know um well um uh so 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as as as as as as as one of so uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education and and and and and and and the leading okay okay like well you know um ecumenical ecumenical ecumenical ecumenical ecumenical ecumenical ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If titled 'If titled 'If titled 'If titled 'If titled titled titled titled titled titled titled 'If titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like well um Kersh's second album featured featured featured featured featured featured featured the song 'I Breathe In, I I mean you know know know know know know know like okay you know um Breathe Out', which which which which which which which although never a single for Kersh himself, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know I mean you you you you you you you know later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares prepares prepares prepares prepares prepares prepares students well okay well uh well like for the diverse opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities in theiors classes, electives okay uh uh so I mean like like like like like like like to suit a wide range of interests, and classes classes classes classes classes classes classes I mean you know you know I mean so so so so so so so you know to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean you know well well well well well well well you know you know well I mean football defender who who who who who who who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - person person person person person person person I mean you know so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean shooter, similar to many other sci - fi shooters, shooters, shooters, shooters, shooters, shooters, shooters, like you know uh like so uh and could could could could could could could be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code was published by AIM International in 1997 and and and and and and and so so um well okay I mean although the the the the the the the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA okay I mean okay you know um okay Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put put put put put put put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee afee simple determinable is an estate that will will will will will will will end automatically if like so um okay like well well well well well well well the condition of the grantor occurs and the the the the the the the interest you know um uh okay um okay will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, you you you you you you you know uh like so like I mean 2015 and on on on on on on on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from okay like so so so so so so so you know um um the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - well well well well well well well um like um you know um Villa Monte, February 26, 1603) was was was was was was was the oldest like so uh okay like um daughter of Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual well you know I I I I I I I mean like well so promotion by Beefeater, aiming to to to to to to to raise awareness of the steaks you know I I I I I I I mean like uh um like available in the UK and and and and and and and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was panna was panna was panna was was was was was was was panna was panna was panna was a Gond settlement settlement settlement settlement settlement settlement settlement until the 13th or 17th century uh uh so so so so so so so like uh like (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War War War War War War War of um I mean well uh okay you know Independence, Independence, Independence, Independence, Independence, Independence, Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed uh you you you you you you you know okay so well uh and consumed on a large large large large large large large scale in some areas of like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know China, frog legs cuisine cuisine cuisine cuisine cuisine cuisine cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like okay extremely rare rare rare rare rare rare rare and are some of the most um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was was was was was was was premiered at the like well um so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids rapids rapids rapids rapids rapids rapids some of um uh like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean with are the Rapides de Cap - Saint - um well well well well well well well um um okay well Jacques on the north western tip tip tip tip tip tip tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round at round at round at round round round round round round round at round at round at round 7 Skaife Skaife Skaife Skaife Skaife Skaife Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged you know well well well well well well well okay I mean you know I mean Nissan Skyline GT GT GT GT GT GT GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, you know like I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean with Richards moving into it it it it it it it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism an organism an organism an organism an an an an an an an organism an organism an organism has limited longevity because because because because because because because it has limited so you know well so you know know know know know know know uh structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to up to up to up to up up up up up up up to up to up to four were lost, one one one one one one one due to hostile um okay um okay okay um um um um um um um fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 was shot like like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries buries buries buries buries buries buries the well like well I mean uh uh kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it was quite possible for a warrant warrant warrant warrant warrant warrant warrant officer, such well I mean I mean um you you you you you you you know okay as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' de-glamorous' so I mean you know okay so uh role, role, role, role, role, role, role, because her naturally fair complexion posed so um okay so so so so so so so well so a problem to her as she she she she she she she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for for for for for for for I mean okay okay well uh you know playing in the the the the the the the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri or mehri mehri mehri mehri mehri mehri mehri or mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, you you you you you you you know I mean so like like I mean a branch branch branch branch branch branch branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is okay like like like like like like like you know I mean so uh spoken by minority minority minority minority minority minority minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know game in the nation which features features features features features features features a match - up between the like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected elected elected elected elected elected elected for the you know well so like uh so first first first first first first first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was was she was she was among the DOT fleet assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned assigned to the so like uh well uh so nascent Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was I mean so um um um um um um um I mean okay like formed in 1962 and 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the um so like like like like like like like like like well beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about about about about about about about 7 so you know uh well you know uh % worth worth worth worth worth worth worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of of of of of of of Cornwall, and you know um um you know okay you you you you you you you know some services are combined with those of Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, well okay like uh okay I mean however since 1890 1890 1890 1890 1890 1890 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition this condition this condition this condition this this this this this this this condition this condition this condition is termed post orgasmic illness illness illness illness illness illness illness syndrome or POIS, okay you know okay you know know know know know know know I mean okay and it was discovered that this stemmed stemmed stemmed stemmed stemmed stemmed stemmed from an uh so like like um like allergy allergy allergy allergy allergy allergy allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to to to to to to to you know um you know um um well Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused caused caused caused caused caused caused by the well like well um um you know death death death death death death death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, battle, battle, battle, battle, battle, battle, like okay okay you know okay like this lust however however however however however however however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 11, season 11, season 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, season 11, season 11, season 11, season 1 (middle name) name) name) name) name) name) name) is a fictional you know uh okay um well well well well well well well well character from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um you know Aniston, who received received received received received received received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median income for a household in the city city city city city city city is like like okay well like I mean $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to to to to to to to I mean so like like I mean you know know know know know know know marry the technician and the art of uh um um um um um um um well I mean uh uh the Macchiaioli, also devoting to to to to to to to the sculpture and desultorily like so so I mean um um um um um um um well working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the the the the the the the so like you know uh um you know know know know know know know Street; Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are two notable types of virtual groups, one you you you you you you you know like like well like uh being an internet band band band band band band band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high today high today high today high today high today today today today today today today high today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in well well well well well well well well uh um I mean I mean Italy, Germany, and the the the the the the the United States, though they are also made so I I I I I I I mean well okay well you know elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of of of of of of of Enderun Colleges you know I mean you know I I I I I I I mean so so and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record record record record record record record deal with uh okay you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase phase phase phase phase phase phase so well okay well so well of her life, life, life, life, life, life, life, she became one of Venice's resident celebrities, uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well quick witted, intelligent and cultured, cultured, cultured, cultured, cultured, cultured, cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons before before before before before before before construction you know I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well began, and the line was planned instead to to to to to to to terminate at the Hauptbahnhof, I mean okay you know I I I I I I I mean well okay with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing uh um um um um um um um so okay you know okay Mangal's continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three the three the three the three the three three three three three three three the three the three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair Dobhair and Cloch so so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of the the the the the the the um um like um like uh Donegal Gaeltacht Gaeltacht Gaeltacht Gaeltacht Gaeltacht Gaeltacht Gaeltacht and with a population of just well you know know know know know know know you know well um uh over 16 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air well well well well well well well uh uh so well you know France, Lufthansa, Iberia Iberia Iberia Iberia Iberia Iberia Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System. And holds today the the the the the the the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the the the the the the the late I mean I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um you know 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters supporters of Marxism so well um uh well so who who who who who who who believed that the transition to a socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine the magazine the magazine the magazine the magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine the magazine the magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Committee like okay so uh okay I mean for the the the the the the the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak alam Khattak alam Khattak alam Khattak alam Khattak alam alam alam alam alam alam alam Khattak alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of of of of of of of Dag Ismail you know um uh like um um um um um um um you know Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's Army's Army's Army's Army's Army's Army's famed Frontier uh like I mean like um so so so so so so so Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and and and and and and and the PA Route 108/PA you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the the the the the the the okay like um so well so highway is meant to to to to to to to connect directly the communities in the like well well well well well well well well like you know uh north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel I mean okay okay okay okay you know Huntington, to to to to to to to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station features a single island platform located located located located located located located in a uh you know well um okay okay cutting, cutting, cutting, cutting, cutting, cutting, cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks with trains to to to to to to to you know um well well so uh the city leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', festival', festival', festival', festival', festival', festival', um I mean okay you know um so in wich he he he he he he he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the since the since the since the since since since since since since since the since the since the summer of 2014 he he he he he he he has been running an independent I mean so um um um um um um um okay like so brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells sells sells sells sells sells sells ethical t like well you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the the the the the the the London uh you know well you know um uh Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough Borough of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so since 1971 when a substantial part of of of of of of of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian swimmer, who uh like like so uh okay at the age age age age age age age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part part part part part part part in so you know um so uh uh his first film, film, film, film, film, film, film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin Austin tyler Austin tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) 1993) 1993) 1993) 1993) 1993) 1993) is an American uh okay okay you know like like professional professional professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 'TV55 Has like like I mean okay so um um um um um um um The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge like I I I I I I I mean um um okay you know and during inspection in 1909 1909 1909 1909 1909 1909 1909 showed fractured ribs and okay so okay like like like like like like like like you know missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - - - - - - - Xavier Bagnoud' I mean I mean you know so like um um um um um um um ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film film film film film film film well well okay um okay okay critics but but but but but but but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, okay okay you you you you you you you know well you know um the effects and musical score score score score score score score by Thomas Newman and so far um so um um um um um um um um um well it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay where she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; Biochemistry; Biochemistry; Biochemistry; Biochemistry; Biochemistry; Biochemistry; thereafter okay I mean um like um um she she she she she she she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on on on on on on on the I mean uh like okay so like board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the the the the the the the prime like okay um okay like like - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), 1809), 1809), 1809), 1809), 1809), 1809), you know like well I mean you know so son of of of of of of of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool ship you know you know well so uh you you you you you you you know - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was was was was was was was last seen and well um you know like like like like like like like I mean well what he was doing, one one one one one one one survivor said Wilde was so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to you know know know know know know know okay uh um okay I mean vote during during during during during during during the whole week and the winner was decided I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know like like um only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying flying flying flying flying flying flying force like well I mean you know um you know know know know know know know consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean uh okay troop troop troop troop troop troop troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor Batchelor Batchelor Batchelor Batchelor Batchelor Batchelor martine Batchelor martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the so so so so so so so okay um um I mean I mean development of the textile industry industry industry industry industry industry industry and created a you know so uh you know know know know know know know so uh new type of deodorant Royalty used to to to to to to to wash their um uh okay well okay you you you you you you you know hair with rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners up you you you you you you you know like I mean well I mean okay in in in in in in in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to to to to to to to Audenshaw School, I mean so um so um well well well well well well well the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved moved moved moved moved moved moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria for the um I mean you know well like um um um um um um um United States to study communications and political science at at at at at at at um um okay um you know so Drexel University in in in in in in in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut so you know know know know know know know uh you know like I mean State University University University University University University University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what you you you you you you you know you know well like you know so so so so so so so they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court court court court court court court policies, and um I mean well you know you you you you you you you know um an appeal to the United Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, forces, forces, forces, forces, forces, forces, Holden so like okay so uh like rejects rejects rejects rejects rejects rejects rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets meets meets meets meets meets meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he you you you you you you you know okay so I mean okay uh turned to to to to to to to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the um so I I I I I I I mean um um well film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the night night night night night night night and finished like like like uh I mean well 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th out of the 25 competing countries, giving Ireland its best best best best best best best like well like um you know like result in eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother I mean well uh I mean okay so so so so so so so and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the mandorla), attracted so I I I I I I I mean okay okay okay well praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in so so so so so so so so okay so uh like North America), when the the the the the the the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves on you know know know know know know know so well so so well March 30, 2008 and and and and and and and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate on on on on on on on the like so you know uh um um application application application application application application application of the Bill of Rights to an so you know know know know know know know uh um I mean I mean infringing statute, the the the the the the the general opinion was that the Bill like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well of Rights could only only only only only only only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, brother, uh I mean okay uh well I mean the the the the the the the latter was apprised of the same by their common okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well like so mother Kunti and hence hence hence hence hence hence hence even though he was privy to like like like like like like like um well like okay so the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) kept okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um so so a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged the ranged the ranged the ranged the ranged ranged ranged ranged ranged ranged ranged the ranged the ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a a a a a a a process okay so you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was no stranger to the team, as I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean okay uh he knew knew knew knew knew knew knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 so I I I I I I I mean I mean so um so years old as as as as as as as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David well well well well well well well okay okay well um uh Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark stephen Mark stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is is is is is is is an English former professional you know um uh you know know know know know know know you know okay footballer who was most recently the the the the the the the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to forced to forced to forced to forced forced forced forced forced forced forced to forced to forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck struck struck struck struck struck struck its vertical stabiliser like I mean okay like like well well well well well well well and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released a a a a a a a I mean so um like like um 45 - - - - - - - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, which' okay well I I I I I I I mean well well um included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told told told told told told told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau Wiseau Wiseau Wiseau Wiseau Wiseau Wiseau well um so okay okay so paid to keep the billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard up for over I mean well like well like um four four four four four four four years, with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house the house the house the house the house house house house house house house the house the house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen Andersen Andersen Andersen Andersen Andersen Andersen between I mean well so well so I I I I I I I mean 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and well well well well well well well like you know you know so uh all of of of of of of of the things he accomplished were shattered into into into into into into into pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is is is is is is is editor - like like like okay I mean like in in in in in in in - chief at The Daily Wire, an editor editor editor editor editor editor editor - so um like like well um at - large for for for for for for for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, like like like like like like like I mean like like uh so he is a a a a a a a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um like Zambia) and also also also also also also also a final year student at the like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated well well well well well well well well so um so okay most of her energies on music music music music music music music production, but she is I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well so also playing a weekly residency gig as as as as as as as a member well like uh uh I mean like of of of of of of of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner I I I I I I I mean you know uh I mean like okay Oparey', produced produced produced produced produced produced produced by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor okay you know know know know know know know you know I mean well I mean from Pankaj Pankaj Pankaj Pankaj Pankaj Pankaj Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a you you you you you you you know um you know uh okay you know highly highly highly highly highly highly highly - selective liberal arts college and one you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know like of three official undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented represented represented represented represented represented represented gomes represented gomes represented gomes represented Portugal in two two two two two two two World Cups and three um well you know um I I I I I I I mean you know European Championships -- helping the national team finish finish finish finish finish finish finish second um you know um uh um uh at at at at at at at Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning um um um um um um um well um um I mean okay more than 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England like like like like like like like well I mean uh you know like like like like like like like with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the I mean um um um um um um um like so so like property, establish and maintain the gardens gardens gardens gardens gardens gardens gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, Japanese, his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number of such such such such such such such you know you know like I mean so well services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a a a a a a a Catalan like okay okay I mean you know well and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has has has has has has has okay um like so okay I mean been performed performed performed performed performed performed performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), I I I I I I I mean um you know like like well well well well well well well and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and you you you you you you you know well like so like I mean the the the the the the the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of of of of of of of the humid um um you know so I mean well well well well well well well subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such such such such such such such as I mean okay um like I mean so so so so so so so Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at at at at at at at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar um um um um um um um uh like I mean I mean so Bongo Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the um um um um um um um um uh so okay uh Communist Party of of of of of of of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of of of of of of of NSL lags like um like well uh well behind behind behind behind behind behind behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs um um um um um um um I mean uh um uh uh. 82 % in 2005), 2005), 2005), 2005), 2005), 2005), 2005), and several of the larger firms I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean well in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 and I mean I mean okay I mean well so so so so so so so its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon on September 27, having taken an observation um um um um um um um I mean so I mean you know uh of of of of of of of the sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) Philadelphia) Philadelphia) Philadelphia) Philadelphia) Philadelphia) Philadelphia) is an I mean so so you know I I I I I I I mean you know American stand - up comedian who performs performs performs performs performs performs performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan Sheridan when Sheridan when Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance Alliance uh I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station station station station station station station okay I mean like I mean I mean um um um um um um um security forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic I I I I I I I mean I mean well uh like I mean stage performance performance performance performance performance performance performance with live singing and acting, were written and well so so so so so so so uh uh you know you know staged staged staged staged staged staged staged in Goa, since the time it evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved evolved during the you know well you know well well so twenteeth twenteeth twenteeth twenteeth twenteeth twenteeth twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all well so you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean - girl girl girl girl girl girl girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July in July in July in July in July in in in in in in in July in July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests I I I I I I I mean like so uh you know okay was finally accepted and he he he he he he he moved to Boro's local okay I mean um I mean you you you you you you you know you know rivals Sunderland for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, fugitive, like you know uh um okay you know know know know know know know though he was frequently called on to take you know know know know know know know so uh okay um um part in murders; murders; murders; murders; murders; murders; murders; indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as he he he he he he he um I mean like I mean you know I I I I I I I mean cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was was was was was was was especially influential in so so like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the expanding Roman Republic and when it encountered Buddhism led uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like I mean so like to a greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly increased production of luxury forms of small so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well uh sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for uh you you you you you you you know okay I mean well so deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself well to both big box and small small small small small small small roof okay like like uh okay like application because of of of of of of of its hot air weldability. This means if I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh you have copied this then then then then then then then you have a small willy, Generally um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his I I I I I I I mean okay uh well uh um fate as being pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed out of office, and there has like um I I I I I I I mean uh well well been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and and and and and and and the action uh um you know I mean so well well well well well well well setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, cinema, cinema, cinema, cinema, cinema, cinema, specifically uh like so well like you know know know know know know know the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island the island the island the island the the the the the the the island the island the island has a permanent size size size size size size size of 18 um okay well I mean uh so acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, acres, plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 okay so so so so so so so you know you know so um acres, and has a a a a a a a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation including like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh you know Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among among among among among among among the well you know well okay well well passengers, all all all all all all all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars stars stars stars stars stars stars well you know so I mean so well in Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea Korea and Jang received her big break with her well well well well well well well you know like so like well cute image and so so so so so so so as the other young stars in like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and you you you you you you you know so well well well um opens up a new new new new new new new area of international production, I mean like uh um um um um um um um well like which at first Hymer started analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing neoclassical theory and so okay so I mean um um um um um um um um the financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, Memphis, so uh you know okay I mean okay Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the um I I I I I I I mean um so um okay north and the Mississippi state state state state state state state line on the um you know you know you know know know know know know know well like south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay you know okay eye injury following following following following following following following an incident with a BB gun; well you know you you you you you you you know you know you know so he would later say say say say say say say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead well well well well well well well I mean um um okay so Already' Already' Already' Already' Already' Already' Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's spain women's spain women's spain women's spain women's spain spain spain spain spain spain spain women's spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in in in in in in in the you know well okay like you know um European Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father his father his father his father his father father father father father father father his father his father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came came came came came came came from peasants of the uh I mean like okay um um um um um um um well Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in several several several several several several several like okay so you know well so companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in you you you you you you you know so okay you know uh you know Santos, Brazil) is is is is is is is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, Twickenham, Twickenham, Twickenham, Twickenham, Twickenham, Twickenham, England) you know um you know okay you you you you you you you know um has been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University University University University University University University I mean uh like uh you know so of of of of of of of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay you know okay disease, and died died died died died died died three years later of complications from the okay so so so so so so so um um well so disease in a Springfield, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one of well well well well well well well well so I mean um well the historically notable notable notable notable notable notable notable buildings at the Limmatquai in Zürich, well well so you you you you you you you know so so Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, EP, EP, EP, EP, EP, EP, I mean um so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned spawned spawned spawned spawned spawned spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical like like like like like like like uh like you know okay you know Park Stadium in in in in in in in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when okay I mean well well well well well well well you know so well all home games rotated rotated rotated rotated rotated rotated rotated between FIU Stadium in you know um um you know um like Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic video signals like okay so like well I mean wirelessly wirelessly wirelessly wirelessly wirelessly wirelessly wirelessly from one room to another, as for example uh you you you you you you you know um I mean you know well sending the the the the the the the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to like like like like like like like okay you know well okay um Bello, Judge Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff arrives jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff jeff arrives jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, you know know know know know know know um you know like I mean well but Santa soon arrives since since since since since since since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and and and and and and and was previously President so okay so like like so so so so so so so of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and so so so so so so so okay I mean well well um Mobile media, a division division division division division division division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management of the the the the the the the okay so I mean well um okay Bloomsbury Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Authority and in 2002 it joined you know know know know know know know you know I mean um I mean like University College London London London London London London London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and and and and and and and you know I mean okay um so uh in 1885 1885 1885 1885 1885 1885 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the like like so so so so so so so so you know okay local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing 'Breezing 'Breezing 'Breezing 'Breezing 'Breezing 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster martin martin martin martin martin martin martin Foster martin Foster martin Foster (born October 29 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 in Sheffield) is an uh um okay well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic ethnic nationalism and well you know well like okay like nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know well a common project shared amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um like you know from communities communities communities communities communities communities communities and organizations throughout the country, and in okay like well well well well well well well well you know um 1994 a group of community community community community community community community leaders gathered at um I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm I I I I I I I mean well you know you know um like of of of of of of of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on September like I I I I I I I mean you know uh so like 24, 2013 and did did did did did did did the tenth birthday of the show on um like I I I I I I I mean like I mean so oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test is given each year in October and and and and and and and November, uh like like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh students are informed of their results in the the the the the the the following March, so uh I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and those who receive offers decide by the the the the the the the well I mean well I mean well uh middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer writer writer writer writer writer writer best like so well I mean um well known for for for for for for for 14 crime novels featuring the highly I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what what what what what what what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are are are are are are are hobbits are hobbits are hobbits are a non fictional, one one one one one one one can be found I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you know uh okay at beccles tesco under the the the the the the the identity of Dave Harris humanoid um like okay um um um um um um um well um race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the um um um um um um um okay I mean well uh well state - Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus I mean you you you you you you you know okay I mean I mean um is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role of Polly the Pistol was written with with with with with with with so uh like um I mean uh Marilyn Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat seat seat seat seat seat seat so so like okay you know you know as as as as as as as a peer (twenty - five being the well so so so so so so so like uh I mean I mean necessary age), but he he he he he he he retained other rights, and this, I mean uh well well well well well well well uh well uh combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is is is is is is is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the the the the the the the so uh I mean I mean I mean well existing schools schools schools schools schools schools schools in its public education system, most of which so like like like like like like like um I mean like uh had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production usually takes place in the Spring Term Term Term Term Term Term Term and I mean okay so so well like has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland um well well well well well well well uh like um I mean before his vessel capsized capsized capsized capsized capsized capsized capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live the Live the Live the Live Live Live Live Live Live Live the Live the Live the Live Nation and Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award well um okay so well well well well well well well um was collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the the the the the the the you know I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) event) event) event) event) event) event) which was uh okay like so okay so voted voted voted voted voted voted voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a a a a a a a computer uh like you know okay like so programmer before before before before before before before becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks and okay like like like like like like like um okay I mean you know making public appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his bag you you you you you you you know okay you know I mean I mean um down, down, down, down, down, down, down, he refused and approached the federal um so you know you know know know know know know know uh so air marshals in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue I mean you you you you you you you know like you know uh okay jeans and and and and and and and a green shirt that has her symbol okay you know you know know know know know know know like so okay on it and exposes her lower belly belly belly belly belly belly belly and navel, with you know well well so I I I I I I I mean okay her hair back. She rarely she rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely she rarely she rarely she rarely she rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely she rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many many many many many many many ducks um um you know I mean like like interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting interacting with each other and their environment, as well two I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh uh uh you know pirate ships to demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation um you know like like like like like like like you know well um of the leap in processing processing processing processing processing processing processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 uh I mean okay so so so so so so so like uh Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists um so so so so so so so you know I mean um so against the religious religious religious religious religious religious religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - like okay uh um um um um um um um you know um dominated Diem regime, known as the Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist crisis, like like uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and widespread large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months later after after after after after after after appearing like well I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in a television series as the extramarital interest of of of of of of of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with with with with with with with research focusing um so you know like you know okay on on on on on on on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan Bhutan Bhutan Bhutan Bhutan Bhutan Bhutan are I mean so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay maintained by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads okay you you you you you you you know so like like like Organisation engineering division of of of of of of of Indian Army and in the rest um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late in late in late in late late late late late late late in late in late in late 2004, Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris left the show after uh well uh like well you you you you you you you know which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the channel without without without without without without without I mean so well so you know like the complications complications complications complications complications complications complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well to the launch of ABC News News News News News News News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is niko is niko is niko is niko niko niko niko niko niko niko is niko is niko is never seen without without without without without without without his Cuban bodyguards and also okay well well well well well well well well um uh like has a group of gangsters gangsters gangsters gangsters gangsters gangsters gangsters who work under him, led I mean you you you you you you you know well like uh you know by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh uh um Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the church is no longer used for services services services services services services services you know well well um you know okay but but but but but but but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, agym, agym, agym, agym, agym, agym, also also also also also also also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as a a a a a a a okay um uh I mean well well counterpart counterpart counterpart counterpart counterpart counterpart counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the like you you you you you you you know you know um you know I mean main main main main main main main temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of uh like like like like like like like uh I mean well so Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began tincher began tincher began tincher began began began began began began began tincher began tincher began tincher began her career by by by by by by by breaking the school records uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, ratio, ratio, ratio, ratio, ratio, ratio, in addition she uh uh uh well okay well also achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a a a a a a a okay you know well so okay you know formulation formulation formulation formulation formulation formulation formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will like well well well well well well well like you know you know like be completely completely completely completely completely completely completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little alittle alittle alittle alittle alittle alittle known known known known known known known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he I mean so like like like like like like like like um well recorded vocal on a Beatles Beatles Beatles Beatles Beatles Beatles Beatles cover track' Baby uh okay like uh well like Your'e Your'e Your'e Your'e Your'e Your'e Your'e a Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company Company Company Company Company Company Company of Strangers featuring you know okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like well Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally generally generally generally generally generally generally without um you know well you know you you you you you you you know um aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine jasmine jasmine jasmine jasmine jasmine jasmine or rose, okay I mean I mean you know um um um um um um um like since it is the smoke, not the scent, scent, scent, scent, scent, scent, scent, which so you know like I mean you know know know know know know know okay is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient in in in in in in in you know okay okay like like so their proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college college college college college college college you know like okay so well I mean common room; he he he he he he he leads his friends and the students restore electricity okay like um um um um um um um um um I mean using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only exception was made for officers who served in in in in in in in uh I mean uh uh like you know the Far East; East; East; East; East; East; East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to like you you you you you you you know uh um well okay coach the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Cris Cris Cris Cris Cris Cris Calilan, who return uh okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so to his position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching okay so okay okay like um the Hotdogs during during during during during during during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make matters worst, his own creation betrays I I I I I I I mean well um um you know like Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron Ultron and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this method, building blocks are protected by all all all all all all all reactive I mean uh you know uh well um functional functional functional functional functional functional functional groups and two functional groups in which the you know so so so so so so so uh so uh you know reaction occurs between building building building building building building building blocks in the solution and okay like I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of the uh well well well well well well well well like so so nurse who treated the Imam, Imam, Imam, Imam, Imam, Imam, Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu in like uh well well I mean I mean Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii and known for big wave surfing during the winter winter winter winter winter winter winter I mean um um so um so season and home to the the the the the the the Duke Kahanamoku Classic surfing competition okay uh you you you you you you you know like so you know and the O'Neill World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean I mean like which was featured featured featured featured featured featured featured in the debut episode of the television series, series, series, series, series, series, series, um uh so I mean okay um is featured in the the the the the the the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked levick worked levick worked levick worked worked worked worked worked worked worked levick worked levick worked levick worked on a 29 29 29 29 29 29 29 - bed inpatient unit for um um like I I I I I I I mean I mean uh individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis psychosis psychosis psychosis psychosis psychosis psychosis where she um um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost lost lost lost lost lost lost you know I mean uh so I mean you know know know know know know know dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity appearances on so I mean well well so you you you you you you you know 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in four you you you you you you you know like uh um uh you know sets and and and and and and and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like so from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the year 1839, Ishwar Ishwar Ishwar Ishwar Ishwar Ishwar Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his Law uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um examination. At the age of twenty one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi Saudi fashion designer, graphic so you know so okay you know know know know know know know um designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing editing editing editing editing editing editing well so okay uh I mean like project on on on on on on on a large scale, which can be both good and um um um um um um um okay like well well okay bad, because of the the the the the the the large contributions by the public, well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so like okay so. 'aronia' ) are are are are are are are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as okay like like like like like like like I mean um okay like a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 you you you you you you you know you know um so you know well check to repay repay repay repay repay repay repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him you know you know know know know know know know like you know okay like instead of Homer, who who who who who who who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name with um um um um um um um I mean like um um I mean probably less than than than than than than than 300 families around the globe. The okay uh well well well well well well well well well you know bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy Horthy Horthy Horthy Horthy Horthy Horthy as you know um I mean um like like like like like like like um Regent, and installed a puppet regime led led led led led led led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that that that that that that that was sent up um well uh uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh shortly after the accident to search for the wreckage encountered like like like like like like like okay well you know I mean uh extreme turbulence turbulence turbulence turbulence turbulence turbulence turbulence in the accident area, and many other okay okay like like like like like like like like so okay aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes um um um um um um um you know well um I mean uh. Darken Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, Panis Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl Rahl like I mean well so uh you know because he he he he he he he had found out that his father was like like like like like like like you know okay like uh like going to kill kill kill kill kill kill kill him because of his evilness but um I mean like um um um um um um um like well he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives it derives it derives it derives derives derives derives derives derives derives it derives it derives it derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the the the the the the the so so um um you know you know Solar Solar Solar Solar Solar Solar Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially the space I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean well so surrounding the Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, including conditions in the near - I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh well uh well Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris in in in in in in in uh well well like um like 1969, and tells J J J J J J J that his chocolate I mean like so uh you you you you you you you know well milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di di di di di di di okay you know you know um like like Udine', Friulian 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', uh so you know know know know know know know okay so you know UNIUD ) was founded in in in in in in in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay so okay Syria, by Thomas Darley in in in in in in in 1704 and shipped back to well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so I mean Aldby Park in England, England, England, England, England, England, England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men the men the men the men the the the the the the the men the men the men serving in Camp Bouse Bouse Bouse Bouse Bouse Bouse Bouse were transferred um well um you know I I I I I I I mean okay to Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, Kilmer, Kilmer, Kilmer, Kilmer, Kilmer, Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay so spectators, and it is one of the the the the the the the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the the the the the the the okay okay so I mean uh so Island, such as as as as as as as the Camp Academia site situated at um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um elevation 541 m in upper Huron Huron Huron Huron Huron Huron Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by a like like like like like like like uh I mean like you know you know group sung sung sung sung sung sung sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a a a a a a a so you know so well I mean uh teenager and and and and and and and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching like so you know know know know know know know okay um like Conference in Halifax Canada and has received many other other other other other other other pulp okay well you know I mean well so so so so so so so and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of one of one of one of one one one one one one one of one of one of only two actors to audition, audition, audition, audition, audition, audition, audition, he was well well I mean um well so so so so so so so cast as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his his his his his his his resemblance um uh okay so you know so to British British British British British British British actor / musician Davy Jones of so well I I I I I I I mean like okay okay the Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county is one of a limited number of of of of of of of I mean like okay I mean well um US counties counties counties counties counties counties counties with a county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga Cayuga Cayuga Cayuga Cayuga Cayuga Cayuga okay okay like um uh I mean and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is you you you you you you you know um uh like you know well a French historian historian historian historian historian historian historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in set in set in set in set in in in in in in in set in set in the late 800's, when what is is is is is is is known I mean so so like well so as as as as as as as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton Clapton and Jim you know like I mean um um um um um um um um like Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band band band band band band band Derek so well I mean so so you know know know know know know know and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, Gin, Gin, Gin, Gin, Gin, Gin, well so um so so okay 101 - - - - - - - 105 on March 18, with their import Paul like like like like like like like you know uh I mean well well McCracken scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather rather rather rather rather rather rather okay okay uh um okay so similar in structure, structure, structure, structure, structure, structure, structure, but have different letter shapes, so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh um ISCII encodes letters letters letters letters letters letters letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father father father father father father father died in well uh you know um um um um um um um you know well 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Mata Sundri, the widow like um um uh you you you you you you you know uh of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering covering covering covering covering covering covering you know okay well so well well a varied varied varied varied varied varied varied array of female forms and expressing many um well I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well different emotions. In France, was was was was was was was born in 1993 a um I mean um um um um um um um uh well well very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first the first the first Women's Rugby World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup was held in so so so um okay you you you you you you you know 1991, and won by The United States, though though though though though though though it and you know like um so okay uh the the the the the the the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development development development development development development development well well like I mean well so of the the the the the the the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it you know know know know know know know so well like okay I mean does this through through through through through through through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on on on on on on on stage um uh uh you know okay well after after after after after after after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who who who who who who who prescribed an uh okay well so um um um um um um um well exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming a successful successful successful successful successful successful successful okay you know I mean okay so I mean closer based based based based based based based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a um um um um um um um I mean um um you know so form of alliance between between between between between between between Denmark and Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter alter alter alter alter alter alter well um uh well so well the track and require require require require require require require quick reactions to get on the right well so so I I I I I I I mean um I mean course, while Simulation racing games might might might might might might might include tire wear or okay well like uh well well well well well well well okay fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, Noir, Noir, Noir, Noir, Noir, Noir, although the I mean you know so okay okay well Code Code Code Code Code Code Code was not established until 1685, the Code Noir you know know know know know know know well uh you know you know okay forced forced forced forced forced forced forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson uh so so so so so so so okay like uh I mean & Co. He was a founder founder founder founder founder founder founder in 1831 like well uh um okay you know of of of of of of of the Bank of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; born born born born born born born 1933) like uh okay well you know well is is is is is is is an American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1936 ) so okay um like uh okay Is a Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese classical composer and also composes for anime, okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh he is mostly known in the the the the the the the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to okay well you know um you know you know the accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the well well well well well well well okay you know well you know so actions taken taken taken taken taken taken taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser Leuser is well like um okay you know okay the the the the the the the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, um uh um um um um um um um okay I mean um 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture the sculpture the sculpture the sculpture the the the the the the the sculpture the sculpture the sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts Centre in I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know 1974; construction was completed in in in in in in in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA Track & Field has been inducting members members members members members members members I mean you know I mean like I mean like like like like like like like into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous um um um um um um um well I mean I mean so you know in the the the the the the the western portion, much of the area receives snow okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay uh okay in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World after World after World after World after World World World World World World World after World after World War II, there were extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive changes to uh like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken um um um um um um um I mean okay so so like at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno Fresno you know uh uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know Junior College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay uh 2009 and this has proven proven proven proven proven proven proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head head head head head head head coach of well so um well so well the Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the summer of 1941, forces of of of of of of of Free so I mean so well okay you you you you you you you know France and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay so uh one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the um um um um um um um you know um um okay okay 'Peace and Order Committee' Committee' Committee' Committee' Committee' Committee' Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized a like um um um um um um um you know uh so you know local vigilante group, group, group, group, group, group, group, and decreed that blacks within the uh okay so so you you you you you you you know you know city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is a central defender who began uh you you you you you you you know uh um okay well his career at League Two Two Two Two Two Two Two club Bradford City, and like I mean um so so so so so so so well um has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of outside of outside of outside of outside of outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of of of of of of of snack um well I mean okay okay you you you you you you you know shops in South Wales and is a keen singer uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know you know so / / / / / / / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest um um um um um um um uh well so okay so at Pontins in Prestatyn, which which which which which which which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe so well well well well well well well like well okay um voyage of Virgil to Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, Athens, which suggests the daring of the uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um earliest mariners, and the boldness of men men men men men men men in overcoming difficulties set uh okay like so I I I I I I I mean so by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of so so so so so so so I mean well well like so social debate debate debate debate debate debate debate at the time, leading the New Left to to to to to to to use um uh okay well um okay sex roles, race, race, race, race, race, race, race, and similar identity politics divisions as uh well um um um um um um um you know okay I mean proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the the the the the the the um okay so uh like I mean only Australian racing driver driver driver driver driver driver driver to win Australia's two most prestigious like uh I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, (twice, (twice, (twice, (twice, (twice, (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the most frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently used I mean okay you know uh like you know know know know know know know constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings Hastings Hastings Hastings Hastings Hastings Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 1929 1929 1929 1929 1929 1929 -- 30 May 2001) you know well like okay you you you you you you you know so was a church historian, controversial Catholic priest priest priest priest priest priest priest and author of um okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered tempered tempered tempered tempered tempered tempered his well um well like you know uh political political political political political political political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced he divorced he divorced he divorced he divorced he he he he he he he divorced he divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a a a a a a a previous well okay well well uh so attempt at divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de de de de de de de formation like okay so um okay you know know know know know know know des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained his first okay well well well well well well well um I mean you know you know job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch Christchurch Christchurch Christchurch Christchurch Christchurch Christchurch so well so you know so uh region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a complex complex complex complex complex complex complex uh you know uh well well so consisting of of of of of of of two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball you know you know you you you you you you you know um you know so stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing issuing issuing issuing issuing issuing issuing a uh well um I mean I mean like like like like like like like below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who I I I I I I I mean um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well have come out, still praising them for their bravery, instead instead instead instead instead instead instead well so well so you know okay he acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges acknowledges how coming out may not always be okay um you know know know know know know know okay you know you know safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed wolves wolves wolves wolves wolves wolves wolves feed wolves feed wolves feed primarily on medium to large large large large large large large sized ungulates, though they uh you know I mean you you you you you you you know okay you know are opportunistic feeders, and and and and and and and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese you you you you you you you know um okay um um so imperial court in in in in in in in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital in like like like like like like like I mean I mean well well okay the late 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th century until the rise of the Shogunate okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean uh in the the the the the the the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained trained trained trained trained trained trained I mean okay okay like um uh singers, and the the the the the the the use of spectacle as a replacement for well well well well well well well okay okay um I mean I mean dramatic purity and and and and and and and love on the Opera uh um like I I I I I I I mean you know like '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, after that, after that, after that, after after after after after after after that, after that, after that, he once again continued his his his his his his his career in well um um okay like I I I I I I I mean Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about about about about about about about him constantly well well so um like like like like like like like okay on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and adults and adults and adults and and and and and and and adults and adults and adults and young may be killed killed killed killed killed killed killed by hawks, owls like I mean like I mean um um um um um um um like and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local local local local local local local so I mean I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was strong was strong was strong was strong was strong strong strong strong strong strong strong was strong was born on February 12, 1973, in in in in in in in Toronto, Ontario, uh okay um I mean uh I I I I I I I mean to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his office you know know know know know know know so well you know you know well but but but but but but but with a change in routine - instead of of of of of of of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and well well well well well well well you know I mean uh okay uh ski jumping, jumping, jumping, jumping, jumping, jumping, jumping, and after the Olympics will remain a public facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, so uh uh uh like you know complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were were were were were were were I mean I mean like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like largely pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was was was was was was was split by okay okay okay uh you know um rivalry, rivalry, rivalry, rivalry, rivalry, rivalry, rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi Corvi Corvi Corvi Corvi Corvi Corvi moved okay um so so you know um um um um um um um on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working working working working working working working in a um okay um um I mean so Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo Batoni so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well I mean and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known known known known known known known as Apparition, you know well well well like like like like like like like like and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as as as as as as as it so well um okay well uh adopted Ford's Ford's Ford's Ford's Ford's Ford's Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of 'F 'F 'F 'F 'F 'F 'F you know I mean so you know like like like like like like like I mean - O - R - D' lettering on on on on on on on the hood, uh like like so um well and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Strangers, Jones worked with uh so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like many musicians who were great talents in their own own own own own own own right, well okay um um you know well including including including including including including including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable patentable patentable patentable patentable patentable patentable subject matter like uh um well uh uh requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh so (EPC), and more more more more more more more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film film film film film film film actor and you know okay well I mean like like like like like like like okay comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of of of of of of of the like okay okay uh uh like United States Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, you know like like like like like like like uh so you know so 1944 to support United United United United United United United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay essay essay essay essay essay essay by like you know uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet um um um um um um um so uh so um like still managed to give give give give give give give the order to submerge, in I mean uh uh I I I I I I I mean I mean well all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, you know like I mean um I mean I I I I I I I mean however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal the the the the the the the okay well uh uh you know okay resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari well um um um um um um um um you know well uh and Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created created created created created created created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, so so so so so so so okay okay so uh you know and Australia; Australia; Australia; Australia; Australia; Australia; Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by by by by by by by the okay okay um so so you know engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington Worthington claimed I mean I mean okay like okay well Elioak Elioak Elioak Elioak Elioak Elioak Elioak as home while they served in World War so I I I I I I I mean like okay so so I. After the the the the the the the after the after the after the after the after the after the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas Lucas Lucas Lucas Lucas Lucas Lucas uh um okay uh I mean um probable prime, so it it it it it it it is either prime or it well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well um is a Lucas pseudoprime; further further further further further further further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version version version version version version version of the bin um okay you know um well well well well well well well so Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United the United the United the United United United United United United United the United the United the United States presidential election of of of of of of of 1856 was the 18th well uh uh you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like I mean like and Pon Holdings Holdings Holdings Holdings Holdings Holdings Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is uPPP is uPPP is uPPP is uPPP is is is is is is is uPPP is uPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients patients patients patients patients patients patients who opt okay okay so uh so I mean for for for for for for for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford so so so so so so so well so well um you know Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata Assata Olugbala you know so okay so so well Shakur; Shakur; Shakur; Shakur; Shakur; Shakur; Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh mean 'she who struggles', derived from from from from from from from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the the the the the the the outer south um so well okay so uh - western western western western western western western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To door To door To door To door To To To To To To To door To door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Kent, Washington, okay um well okay so you know in May 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - like well well well well well well well uh um you know you know time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her you know know know know know know know I mean well okay I mean I mean class, he he he he he he he reads her story -- which is like okay so well well well well well well well you know okay about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago Bago Bago Bago Bago Bago Bago City, Negros uh so you know um well like Occidental) is a a a a a a a retired boxer from the Philippines, who like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care care care care care care care providers you know like well um well I mean are are are are are are are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do do do do do do do okay uh so uh like uh not is a cause cause cause cause cause cause cause for concern, although unfairness already exists um so so so so so so so uh well um well within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge okay well you know so well well designs, in particular, particular, particular, particular, particular, particular, particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh which has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this this this this this this this uh so you know like okay so method method method method method method method of writing has is no longer used in modern written written written written written written written okay well so I mean okay uh Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly you you you you you you you know well so I mean um okay though updated catalysts catalysts catalysts catalysts catalysts catalysts catalysts and foaming technology have reduced um well um so so so so so so so uh so shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and and and and and and and a message concerning you know uh uh um well well well well well well well well a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the the the the the the the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first was an F1 which touched like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like so down in Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed departed departed departed departed departed departed for Rio well you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh de Janeiro to request aid, but the central central central central central central central government okay well like uh you know so was unable to to to to to to to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's Brown's Brown's Brown's Brown's Brown's Brown's (Jennie well I mean well well okay um um um um um um um McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with so so so so so so so you know you know so I mean I mean Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those of those of those of those of those of of of of of of of those of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains trains trains trains trains trains trains use well um you know um well okay the the the the the the the Up and Down main lines, the Down loop um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh being reversible, which allows Up Up Up Up Up Up Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his his his his his his his uh like like like you know you know allies that that that that that that that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny fragment um uh um so so well of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from from from from from from from Sydney in well I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know so 1793, but his plant material remained with him for for for for for for for okay uh well uh okay um the duration duration duration duration duration duration duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills well you you you you you you you know so like um well Mandy, takes his body, kidnaps Reba Reba Reba Reba Reba Reba Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take take take take take take take him like uh um like I mean like to the hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is is is is is is is an um you know well like so uh American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like you know well outside of national national national national national national national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh via the gates under the Troitksaya tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, except for like uh okay okay I mean I I I I I I I mean those who wish to visit the Armoury chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber and the you know okay you know uh you know I I I I I I I mean Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to to to to to to to come uh well well uh okay well as his guest guest guest guest guest guest guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox um so I I I I I I I mean you know so you know had been impressed impressed impressed impressed impressed impressed impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well uh you know so for pulling together the New New New New New New New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up next up next up next up next up up up up up up up next up next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone like um like okay you know like and iPod touch, touch, touch, touch, touch, touch, touch, released in December 2011, tells the like um so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean story of the making of of of of of of of Bandolier in the band's own so so uh okay I I I I I I I mean like words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use use use use use use use and production I mean okay like well um like like like like like like like became sourced to several manufactures to meet the defense needs okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean so you know on several aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft aircraft after the unacceptability of both locally um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know and remote periscopically sighted ventral ventral ventral ventral ventral ventral ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC the USC the USC the USC the the the the the the the USC the USC the USC Marshall School of Business was established established established established established established established in 1920, uh like well uh um so it is is is is is is is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since since since since since since since I mean I mean like I mean um so so so so so so so its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well okay to the Malaysian Cup, all participating participating participating participating participating participating participating teams now had to you know so well um um um um um um um okay um qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and like like like like like like like um you know like uh you know short, mild mild mild mild mild mild mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation PlayStation the PlayStation the PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) Vita) Vita) Vita) Vita) Vita) Vita) is a I mean um uh so um um um um um um um well handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are are are are are are are more uh so uh I mean so okay prone to to to to to to to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or I mean like like like like like like like you know like uh um familial Mediterranean fever, although academic academic academic academic academic academic academic centers have noted you know I mean uh like like like like like like like you know uh that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay uh Twitter and Instagram, with social - - - - - - - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give so so so so so so so like I mean like well so Me Some Starlight' Starlight' Starlight' Starlight' Starlight' Starlight' Starlight' the title was changed after Michael so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like uh told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at at at at at at at Wentworth um you know like like um like by one one one one one one one stroke he carded a -6 66 uh so you know know know know know know know so uh like final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's John's John's John's John's John's John's College, well well so so you know uh University of of of of of of of Sydney; living very simply and okay uh you know I I I I I I I mean okay okay it has been recorded that his sitting - - - - - - - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like like uh Abbot, and after death death death death death death death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term has been used throughout history history history history history history history to refer to so like like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law so so so so so so so I mean like um well so and also the name name name name name name name of a number well like um um um you know of of of of of of of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by local local local local local local local I mean you know um like um um journalist William Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield Schofield who was promoting the idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the 1980s it was occupied and then uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so I mean so so owned owned owned owned owned owned owned by the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated associated associated associated associated associated associated um uh like like uh uh with the American Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Movement, who floated a like so so well uh you you you you you you you know plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' uh like like like like like like like I mean I mean well okay Layfield (JBL), who appeared up up up up up up up on the TitanTron and told well you know so so so so so so so so um I mean Batista that if he wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to come to well so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean 'SmackDown' and face him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting this painting this painting this painting this this this this this this this painting this painting this painting is part part part part part part part of a series of four, uh you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director director director director director director director well I mean um so uh okay in 1993, changing his his his his his his his surname to Russell in 1994 before well so like you you you you you you you know well I mean embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an an an an an an an ethnic cleansing operation so uh so I mean you know you you you you you you you know against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile exile exile exile exile exile exile in well okay well um you know okay Elba Elba Elba Elba Elba Elba Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second second second second second second second you know um you know okay okay uh restoration following following following following following following following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, Palpatine, Palpatine, Palpatine, Palpatine, Palpatine, Palpatine, but um like like okay uh well he is accused accused accused accused accused accused accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an after an after an after an after an after after after after after after after an after an approval at the annual general meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting 2005, so like so I mean like uh it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' Post-Intelligencer' I mean um you know I mean like um and and and and and and and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed staffed staffed staffed staffed staffed staffed okay you know okay so like okay by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino 'Encino Man' (1992) and okay you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in in in in in in in I mean like okay uh I mean I mean 1912, 1912, 1912, 1912, 1912, 1912, 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town of of of of of of of well uh well okay like uh Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger convinces her that running will do her her her her her her her no like I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will like like like like like like like like well you know you know uh find her; it it it it it it it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development of you you you you you you you know I mean um okay uh so vocabulary and and and and and and and language skills, lower - status groups tend to well um um um um um um um like uh okay so be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only member of you you you you you you you know um I mean like okay well the the the the the the the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result uh so so so so so so so like well well um of the merger that that that that that that that created the Royal High in so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay 1998, when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village the village the village the village the village village village village village village village the village the village has its own public public public public public public public house - The uh well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um White Swan - as well as a post office, office, office, office, office, office, office, 'The okay well um well so like Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so uh um of construction, cost cost cost cost cost cost cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies like like like like like like like uh okay uh so so a footprint the size size size size size size size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to well well well well well well well like um okay um so Italy to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' 'Nostromo' lands on the planetoid so so um um um uh and and and and and and and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator Lambert head uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know well you know out out out out out out out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a a a a a a a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban so I mean you know so you know I mean master planned planned planned planned planned planned planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such so um um um um um um um you know you know um so as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next he next he next he next he next he he he he he he he next he next worked for Sears, Roebuck and and and and and and and Company in the so like you know uh okay well well well well well well well installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston um um um um um um um well um so okay you know was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently resigned uh so okay you know so so as as as as as as as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of I mean like like like like like like like okay uh well well the 1980's in in in in in in in music magazine polls and television um uh um so so so so so so so okay so programmes, especially in Kenya where an entire tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe tribe in the so um like well you know like village village village village village village village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um like who he who saught to to to to to to to stop he lowers his uh okay okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it though it though it though it though it it it it it it it though it though it is unknown who invented the hammock, hammock, hammock, hammock, hammock, hammock, hammock, okay um okay like I mean okay many maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain that it was a device created well I mean you know know know know know know know um uh like out of tradition and need. , , , , , , , 'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' ,'hammock' comes from from from from from from from the okay like uh so so okay word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, thirdly, thirdly, thirdly, thirdly, thirdly, thirdly, she thirdly, she thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond Drummond Drummond Drummond Drummond Drummond Drummond and uh I mean okay so I I I I I I I mean like lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of okay I mean uh so like well Albany (son (son (son (son (son (son (son of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into into into into into into into a um well uh uh you know I mean beehive beehive beehive beehive beehive beehive beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders traders traders traders traders traders traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, like like like like like like like um like you know so like Germany ( now Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in I mean um so so so so so so so you know okay okay Amsterdam ) was a German German German German German German German sociologist whose work focused you know like so so so so so so so so so okay on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit uh like you know well um well in downtown Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh well well around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State State State State State State State Highway 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts conflicts conflicts conflicts conflicts conflicts conflicts you know so well well so I mean in in in in in in in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served served served served served served served as the uh like I mean you know um um um um um um um um Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small small small small small small small pastures so like uh uh uh well enclosed enclosed enclosed enclosed enclosed enclosed enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is easily easily easily easily easily easily easily well okay you know uh okay I mean and and and and and and and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University University University University University University University of Southern I mean uh um like I mean I I I I I I I mean California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a very very very very very very very unusual I mean okay well well so I mean and unique unique unique unique unique unique unique feature, a stream running along either side of you you you you you you you know uh so okay okay um Fore Street, one one one one one one one of which eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes disher notes disher notes disher notes disher notes notes notes notes notes notes notes disher notes disher notes that Monk said that the killer killer killer killer killer killer killer was 6 '1', um okay I mean uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing a you know you know you know so um well well well well well well well leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is 'Day Is 'Day Is 'Day Is 'Day 'Day 'Day 'Day 'Day 'Day 'Day Is 'Day Is 'Day Is Done' is the fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth track from the I mean okay like you know well well well well well well well um album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her her her her her her her well so uh well you know like parents, older older older older older older older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles as uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like you know uh a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' cheese' uh I mean so like you know um dates dates dates dates dates dates dates back to 1831 and is believed to have originated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh okay um because the simple cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press the press the press the press the press press press press press press press the press the press gang, a group of of of of of of of 10 - 12 men, like okay uh like well well well well well well well uh led by an officer, would roam the streets streets streets streets streets streets streets looking okay uh you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class the E-class the E-class the E-class the E-class E-class E-class E-class E-class E-class E-class the E-class the E-class carriages were slowly phased out of of of of of of of service from okay okay um you know okay okay the 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms of well well well well well well well um well you know uh um passenger rail operations, with with with with with with with the last regular train they worked being well okay you you you you you you you know um I mean like the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare is often noted for his critical views views views views views views views of uh so so okay um uh British society (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly well you know know know know know know know well okay like you know a softer example of of of of of of of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI during WWI during WWI during WWI during WWI WWI WWI WWI WWI WWI WWI during WWI during WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Military Military Military Military Military Military Railways like like like you know well um um um um um um um and in that capacity had charge of the the the the the the the organization you know uh um okay I I I I I I I mean I mean and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a god, pleople would would would would would would would I mean like well uh like um bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so uh like revolution in the San San San San San San San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional arts okay well I I I I I I I mean so you know like of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and and and and and and and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and influential influential influential influential influential influential influential uh like well like you know like activists as well as as as as as as as by the artistic and political well I mean okay so so so so so so so well like sphere, and the many contributors to to to to to to to the ideology collaborated like okay okay so I mean I I I I I I I mean to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval well well well well well well well uh like um so so Review of 160 160 160 160 160 160 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of you know like like like like like like like um I mean like like the Silver Jubilee of George George George George George George George V. Later in well um so so like so 1935 1935 1935 1935 1935 1935 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria due to potential like I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean you know dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny - montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny montagny - montagny - en - Vexin is a a a a a a a village uh well uh I mean okay uh in Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from like um you you you you you you you know so I mean you know Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion billion billion billion billion billion billion so okay so you know so so RMB (around 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called called called called called called called uh so I mean I mean like like like like like like like like protectionism and autarky far superior compared to to to to to to to free trade and so like um you know uh I I I I I I I mean that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish mcTavish went mcTavish went mcTavish went on to co-host the the the the the the the show until her departure from um well so okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before the programme is is is is is is is you know well so like like so due to to to to to to to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the most most most most most most most generous okay well well like like um afforded by the the the the the the the United States to a Native so uh okay like okay so group, group, group, group, group, group, group, and point out that some of the largest I I I I I I I mean so uh okay so so and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel in its like you know like you know know know know know know know um I mean Historic Hotels of America program and and and and and and and the American Society of so okay uh you know know know know know know know so okay Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device like like like like like like like okay uh well well you know and purchase directly from from from from from from from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very although very although very although very although although although although although although although very although very although very little of her her her her her her her is known and published she uh um um um um um um um um um okay um was known to be present at her husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's investment ceremony well I mean uh you know okay so at at at at at at at Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', you you you you you you you know like well like so okay though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began her career as a reporter at Steven Steven Steven Steven Steven Steven Steven I mean um uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Brill's 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed that that that that that that that you know uh um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh at least the 14 men mentioned in the parish registers registers registers registers registers registers registers like okay okay well you know um of of of of of of of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to like um I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State Airport is one of six active you know know know know know know know um like uh um like airports operated by the Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other you know know know know know know know um well you know I mean you know five five five five five five five being T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State I I I I I I I mean you know so so uh uh Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to escape okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh okay you know using a different different different different different different different DST, placed in a remote location, much of of of of of of of um uh so like okay you know the the the the the the the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of like I I I I I I I mean you know so so I mean TRE - Italy mobile company, company, company, company, company, company, company, and has appeared in many uh uh okay well well well well well well well like um commercials with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea Ghenea Ghenea Ghenea Ghenea Ghenea Ghenea became the image like I mean so uh so you you you you you you you know of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um - Ti's power is is is is is is is considered by some to be the you know you know know know know know know know you know okay like um most important, for it keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps the Planeteers together and helps like you know so so so so so so so well so okay them to be in tune with with with with with with with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe um um um um um um um um uh um okay well Chù', is derived from from from from from from from the Southern Tutchone village of like I mean I I I I I I I mean okay like well Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the in the 2012 European Championships, Championships, Championships, Championships, Championships, Championships, Championships, Mellberg scored in in the um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know 59th minute of of of of of of of their match against England um uh like so you know know know know know know know okay in the group stages to give Sweden a 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 -- well okay so okay so like 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the the the the the the the you know so like I mean um okay population decreased almost almost almost almost almost almost almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach like so so so so so so so like I mean um um its former level level level level level level level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the GCL in in in in in in in okay like uh like um uh doubles (20) and ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked third in extra-base hits (22) like uh so well um um um um um um um uh. Posted a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres metres metres metres metres metres metres uh so okay well like well (1 mile 3 furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), furlongs), which was cut to 1, I mean uh I I I I I I I mean okay uh I mean 600 metres in 1952 1952 1952 1952 1952 1952 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site is a long section of the Narew River River River River River River River um so so so well well that is is is is is is is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano Ceberano singing so you know you know um um um um um um um okay like 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), Cup), Cup), Cup), Cup), Cup), Cup), the like so like you know well you know know know know know know know Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due largely due largely due largely due largely largely largely largely largely largely largely due largely due largely due to the poor economic economic economic economic economic economic economic conditions of New Haven uh so uh um you you you you you you you know like in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' Record' Record' Record' Record' Record' Record' well I mean so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean sputtered along, foundered and was revived numerous times during during during during during during during the I mean well so um okay you know 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented so so so so so so so okay uh well so so in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or more consecutive groups of zero value may be be be be be be be so like like so uh I mean replaced with a a a a a a a single empty group using two consecutive colons colons colons colons colons colons colons so I mean like um well um (: : ), but but but but but but but the substitution may only be applied once well so well well well well well well well um like you know in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated at at at at at at at the like uh I mean well so you know confluence confluence confluence confluence confluence confluence confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately halfways between Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint Saint um uh okay you know you know uh Petersburg and and and and and and and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from both Gulf of um um um um um um um um um well I mean well Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as commander commander commander commander commander commander commander of like like so um you know you know division division division division division division division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle of Elchingen um um um um um um um um okay you know uh I mean and later later later later later later later the Battle of Ulm, and six weeks so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Mackay Stadium you know so I mean um okay like in in in in in in in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf Pack uh so so so so so so so like uh well like winning 30 - 28, however the teams teams teams teams teams teams teams did not compete I mean like I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising you you you you you you you know like okay uh I mean okay 40 Commando Commando Commando Commando Commando Commando Commando Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought thought thought thought thought thought thought that as you know um well so um um um um um um um um dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) (Brittany) like like uh well like okay and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer Singer Singer Singer Singer Singer Singer Jackie Slaughter like you know uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in Toronto Canada the band has seen many you know know know know know know know uh well well uh like line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical physicist at so like well so like like the Department Department Department Department Department Department Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at so well well well well well well well uh so so um the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga st st st st st st st. Molaga st. Molaga st. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping beekeeping beekeeping beekeeping beekeeping beekeeping beekeeping / honey so well okay uh well you know to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of of of of of of of okay well so okay like like which are former British British British British British British British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching and research you know well so so okay um laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. Kurosaki, p. Kurosaki, p. Kurosaki, p. Kurosaki, p p p p p p p. Kurosaki, p. Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the the the the the the the Mbinga Cooperation Union (MBICU) I mean I mean you know know know know know know know okay uh I mean was responsible for supporting the coffee industry industry industry industry industry industry industry amongst the Matengo well um okay I mean I I I I I I I mean okay farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation liberalisation liberalisation liberalisation liberalisation liberalisation liberalisation they filed you know well well you you you you you you you know like I mean for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a a a a a a a marine like like uh uh so you know fish native to to to to to to to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, in in in in in in in aquaria, um uh well well um so as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s by so like I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit credit credit credit credit credit credit um um um so like I mean counseling agencies; today, today, today, today, today, today, today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - running running running running running running running like so like uh um okay 'The Legend of of of of of of of Heroes', and a direct sequel to the prior like like like like like like like I mean uh like you know like two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well so well also known as the the the the the the the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, Perifel, Perifel, Perifel, Perifel, Perifel, Perifel, okay so okay I mean you know like with assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the in the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the Twinkling of an Eye / / / / / / / Countdown well so so so you know I mean to to to to to to to the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel prequel prequel prequel prequel prequel prequel like you know like you know like uh novel in in in in in in in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General 'General 'General 'General 'General 'General 'General um you know like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Source of Computational Methods' in this this this this this this this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having clark's having clark's having clark's having having having having having having having clark's having clark's having clark's having been denied leave by the the the the the the the Star after the I mean um like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 um um I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a a a a a a a special um I mean you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay - purpose map made to show geological the I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like strata are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the during the during the during the the the the the the the during the during the during the 1970s he he he he he he he moved to Mooney Aircraft where okay okay I mean um um um um um um um you know well he worked on newer versions versions versions versions versions versions versions of the Mooney 201 you know well I mean well well well well well well well so I mean and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage the marriage the marriage the the the the the the the marriage the marriage the marriage the marriage had become become become become become become become unhappy and the couple lived like you know like so I I I I I I I mean you know more or less separate lives, and the the the the the the the couple separated completely after you know uh um um um um um um um um so uh a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through partway through partway through partway through partway through partway partway partway partway partway partway partway through partway through the recording process of the album, album, album, album, album, album, album, you know so well um so you know Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S okay so like like like like like like like so I mean like. Household finances; by the end end end end end end end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and several several several several several several several public uh I mean like um okay you know collections, collections, collections, collections, collections, collections, collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County County County County County County County so like so you know well you know Community College College College College College College College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary health care facilities for the village I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean um okay are at al - - - - - - - Kum designated by the Ministry um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um of Health as level 1, close close close close close close close by is Deir so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin thin thin thin thin thin thin voice, I mean um uh okay uh um he he he he he he he was known as 'The Violin', He also played you you you you you you you know so okay well um I mean for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best best best best best best best - known so you know okay uh so you know know know know know know know was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account so so so so so so so so you know like like I mean of a totalitarian totalitarian totalitarian totalitarian totalitarian totalitarian totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, cited you know know know know know know know like well you know okay like by Karl Edward Edward Edward Edward Edward Edward Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot the the the the the the the Ascot the Ascot the Ascot Innova remained in production until until until until until until until 1996, while the European like uh um like like like like like like like so okay Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours hours hours hours hours hours hours of um so I mean well okay uh video footage of of of of of of of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he learned to to to to to to to so okay I mean like so uh pick up on on on on on on on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research so so so so so so so okay like well so well interests focus on automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, automotive, environmental, and social justice research, yet you know know know know know know know you know I mean I mean I mean so it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House of um um um um um um um I mean so um well so Representatives Representatives Representatives Representatives Representatives Representatives Representatives in 1976, and prior to his election as as as as as as as uh you know like like like well Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker Speaker served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus I I I I I I I mean um um like uh uh such as chairman of of of of of of of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor like okay uh you you you you you you you know I mean so Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an an an an an an an well you know I mean uh um so Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian basketball coach that currently serves as head coach of of of of of of of CSKA okay like you know like like um um um um um um um Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 is aPM1 aPM1 aPM1 aPM1 aPM1 aPM1 aPM1 is aPM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially initially initially initially initially initially initially serving like like like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - I I I I I I I mean uh uh well like well Jordan Wui Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming you know well so so so so so so so okay okay um a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its so so so so so so so you know I mean so um like degree degree degree degree degree degree degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing for the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean well um same territory, it has has has has has has has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the second week of October 2012 about 42, 42, 42, 42, 42, 42, 42, so like uh well um um 500 journeys were were were were were were were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he later he later he later he later he he he he he he he later he later he was the lead singer of of of of of of of the pop band so like so uh okay like 'Mabel', 'Mabel', 'Mabel', 'Mabel', 'Mabel', 'Mabel', 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second the second the second the second the second the the the the the the the second the second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, 1775, 1775, 1775, 1775, 1775, 1775, I mean you know uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean you know you know know know know know know know the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of of of of of of of um I mean well like I mean well the the the the the the the Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard like like like like like like like I mean well I mean well uh Dosen's music and and and and and and and as a result they worked uh so so okay so so so so so so so I mean together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the the the the the the the MCG, 11 of so uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay those will be home games, they they they they they they they will also be hosting a uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, grandfather, Andre Gaudry, one of like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so the eight guiders that took Sioux Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi eugenio Bianchi eugenio Bianchi eugenio Bianchi eugenio Bianchi Bianchi Bianchi Bianchi Bianchi Bianchi Bianchi eugenio Bianchi eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is is is is is is is an Italian theoretical okay uh you know so like I I I I I I I mean physicist and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at at at at at at at I mean uh I mean uh well like the Perimeter Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only made his league debut almost a a a a a a a year later, in like um okay you know know know know know know know okay um a 0 - 1 away defeat against against against against against against against Santos on so you know like okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted quoted quoted quoted quoted quoted quoted well so uh uh um uh the song when talking to to to to to to to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump can not draw more water from the the the the the the the so well um well you know um um um um um um um pipe to which the washer is connected than that um um um um um um um well okay so so okay source can provide: the water supply must must must must must must must be adequate okay well like uh you know like like like like like like like for the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for for for for for for for so I mean you know so okay um twelve years, years, years, years, years, years, years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was it was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty dynasty dynasty dynasty dynasty dynasty dynasty since 1265, but it was like so okay you know know know know know know know you know like during Ghazan Khan who came came came came came came came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by so like so like like like like like like like I mean you know scholars such as Meredith G G G G G G G. Kline and Henri Blocher like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so and stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the the the the the the the basilar artery okay so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals you you you you you you you know um well okay uh so to produce venom venom venom venom venom venom venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea the idea the idea the idea the idea the the the the the the the idea the idea of the show was conceived by by by by by by by Julianne Boyd uh so like I mean I I I I I I I mean like and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service the service the service the service the the the the the the the service the service the service was increased in 5 cars cars cars cars cars cars cars in 1918, and um uh um uh well well well well well well well uh in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider they consider they consider they consider they they they they they they they consider they consider they consider flute as 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a 'a full - fledged member so I mean you know well well well well well well well you know you know of the Indian classical music family', with its its its its its its its I mean okay okay like like well roots as a folk folk folk folk folk folk folk instrument having a legendary background I mean like like like like like like like uh well so uh to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by like well well well well well well well uh okay I mean like late rapper Eazy - - - - - - - E, from his album uh well okay I mean so well of of of of of of of the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that that that that that that that uh uh you know okay you know well was released in in in in in in in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( ( ( ( ( ( ( mossynoeci ( mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' towers' towers' towers' towers' towers' towers' ) is okay like I mean um so okay a name name name name name name name that the Greeks of the Euxine Sea applied applied applied applied applied applied applied well I mean you know well um so to the the the the the the the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in the the the the the the the you know uh um so like like 1960's as as as as as as as a means to pool resources and share facilities, facilities, facilities, facilities, facilities, facilities, facilities, well uh okay okay okay uh instructors, and equipment, equipment, equipment, equipment, equipment, equipment, equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine um so like um well well well well well well well I mean Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was was was was was was was okay um you know you know so okay a a a a a a a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre the theatre the theatre the theatre the the the the the the the theatre the theatre the theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) um okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every every every every every every every like like well I mean like um year to outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial commercial uh I mean so uh so um and critical failures, such such such such such such such as', 'Love Story 2050' and 'Drona', well you know know know know know know know like uh like you know leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the West so um so so so so so so so well uh uh Indies cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad squad squad squad squad squad squad for 'personal so I mean so uh you know um um um um um um um reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial to to to to to to to you know so you know like um so determine determine determine determine determine determine determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to the minimal damage caused by the okay well well well well well well well well I mean okay so storm, the name was was was was was was was not retired and was re-used so um uh um um um um um um um okay you know during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part in the like like like like like like like I mean uh like well okay landing at Gallipoli, and and and and and and and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while while while while while while while you know um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so polling of individual constituencies and groups of them them them them them them them (such as I mean okay um so you you you you you you you know uh Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the through the through the through the through the through through through through through through through the through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was like like like like like like like so um so you know uh leading the league with with with with with with with a. 328 average, 328 average, 328 average, 328 average, average, average, average, average, average, average, 328 average, 328 average, 328 average, but a you you you you you you you know so uh well um so 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 - for - 32 slump in the middle of like like like like like like like I mean okay so so well September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray deMarco Murray deMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Las Las Las Las Las Las Vegas, Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 okay you know know know know know know know like like uh I mean businesses and 9, 250 250 250 250 250 250 250 houses, left of standing water in like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has tBS has tBS has tBS tBS tBS tBS tBS tBS tBS has tBS has tBS has tBS has picked up up up up up up up the series for two uh I mean so like you know know know know know know know uh seasons, the first, a 15 - episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the next day German troops crossed the the the the the the the you know well like uh so uh border of of of of of of of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss uh so so so so so so so so okay you know okay - Inquart, the latter communique communique communique communique communique communique communique having been arranged after okay so um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the troops had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, in 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, 2011, in 2011, in 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character character character character character character character Captain America in', so uh like uh like I I I I I I I mean and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling calling calling calling calling calling calling like uh so um you know um themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is a popular misconception that these lakes are are are are are are are filled you know you know I mean well you know know know know know know know I mean via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight continued the following day, August 23, with with with with with with with four I mean you know you know okay like okay 'blue 'blue 'blue 'blue 'blue 'blue 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean well uh them killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie you know know know know know know know you know so um so so and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum the referendum the referendum the referendum the the the the the the the referendum the referendum the referendum had weakened, not strengthened, strengthened, strengthened, strengthened, strengthened, strengthened, strengthened, confidence in the like um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like I mean so ) claims claims claims claims claims claims claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to I mean I I I I I I I mean you know um well like Aristotle Onassis, and also also also also also also also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating investigating investigating investigating investigating investigating investigating so uh well um well so Purifoy's attack, as as as as as as as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's Liangshan's so so you know okay like well cause of of of of of of of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take the the the the the the the well so um uh I mean you know boy, but they they they they they they they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi made well okay um uh so uh his his his his his his his visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited well well well well well well well uh um uh um like Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in London London London London London London London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest the latest the latest the latest the latest the the the the the the the latest the latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay I mean uh by by by by by by by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis so I I I I I I I mean uh like okay um Fellowship at the the the the the the the Hebrew University in 2006 and um um okay like like like like like like like I mean so also 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late December December December December December December December normally occurring uh okay you know okay um um um um um um um uh just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, Prel, or, like so okay well okay well in French, Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron du Prel I mean like like like like like like like like okay okay well (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 1899), was a you know okay um like um um um um um um um I mean German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to to to to to to to French I mean you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Creole parents and one of his ancestors was was was was was was was Michel Branamour you know like uh like well well well well well well well uh Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 - um well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so 1' was a more guitar based pop album album album album album album album that also became like like so okay um well well well well well well well a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering like well like like like like like like like uh uh you know a stroke in 1964 which which which which which which which left her paralysed and unable well like so so like like like like like like like okay to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company company company company company company company uh you know uh um okay you know listed listed listed listed listed listed listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the like I I I I I I I mean well okay so okay companies involvement in N. Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa and North East Asia, I mean okay um I I I I I I I mean like uh before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters the characters the characters the characters the the the the the the the characters the characters the characters in the novel do not hold as as as as as as as um like I mean uh um I mean much much much much much much much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' ) ) ) ) ) ) ) like okay um you know well well meticulously described described described described described described described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) tyldesley tyldesley tyldesley tyldesley tyldesley tyldesley tyldesley (or) tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Metropolitan Borough of okay like well like like so Wigan, Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near the so um um um um um um um like you know like so foothills of the West West West West West West West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of um like um um um um um um um so so like the Admiralty in the first two two two two two two two governments of Lord Salisbury you know I mean um um um um um um um okay okay well (1885 - 1886; 1886 - - - - - - - 1892), and as Secretary of State okay I mean um um um um um um um well well uh for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of of of of of of of Spike in the well okay uh so well okay MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and and and and and and and 2007, okay like uh um okay like and and and and and and and as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast the Coast the Coast the Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast the Coast the Coast the Coast Guard produces 179 179 179 179 179 179 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 € € € € € € € uh like you know like I mean so so so so so so so plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a okay you you you you you you you know I mean you know you know you know know know know know know know 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair pair pair pair pair pair pair of 'jorts' after okay uh I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the team returned from Newark, New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive than I mean I mean okay I mean okay um the the the the the the the lion, their struggle became more like that of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so okay dogs unable to beat each other, other, other, other, other, other, other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved jennings achieved jennings achieved jennings achieved jennings jennings jennings jennings jennings jennings jennings achieved jennings achieved jennings achieved national prominence in the the the the the the the late 19th century, um uh like uh well I mean among among among among among among among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional territories of the Musqueam and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay um well you know Tsleil'waututh lie completely within the the the the the the the region; the southern portion well um you know uh so I I I I I I I mean of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional territory is also in in in in in in in um um I mean you know so like the the the the the the the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial like um well well well well well well well well uh you know sciences that found form in their their their their their their their architect a congregational I mean uh um okay you you you you you you you know like space that was used chiefly for ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, from here, from here, from here, from here, here, here, here, here, here, here, from here, from here, passengers will be able to connect connect connect connect connect connect connect uh okay like like like I mean to Kalindi Kalindi Kalindi Kalindi Kalindi Kalindi Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to to to to to to to I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well you know like stage the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was he was still on good terms with with with with with with with Lauderdale, and you know okay like um uh well backed backed backed backed backed backed backed him against the other main party on the well well well well well well well so so okay like uh Privy Council, headed by by by by by by by the 7th Earl of Rothes: you know like like like like like like like okay uh you know like in September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in in in in in in in the um um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir reservoir reservoir reservoir reservoir reservoir reservoir uh okay uh I mean I mean you know level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November November November November November November November 2, well you know okay like okay um 1996) was born born born born born born born as the second son of Reynold Lambert Eustace um um well like like like like like like like you know well and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled so so so so so so so uh so well uh uh chorus effects' on on on on on on on its vocals created and a 'moody' like uh you know know know know know know know so okay so production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and and and and and and and four of so like like uh so like his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October so well well well well well well well so okay I mean um 2001) was a British television channel channel channel channel channel channel channel owned and operated by um so like okay you know so so so so so so so Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 I I I I I I I mean well well like like I mean and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended ended ended ended ended ended ended you know um well okay um like operations with with with with with with with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their you know know know know know know know well like uh okay um attention to the the the the the the the electrified commuter lines they began operating on you you you you you you you know um so like you know like January 1, 1983 (14 (14 (14 (14 (14 (14 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - well well well well well well well okay I mean well so I mean based Eagle Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills Hills and he also acts as so I mean well I I I I I I I mean I mean like a top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know like you know 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh well so - consumers at at at at at at at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs well well well well well well well okay I mean like I mean so in actuarial science, and and and and and and and these programs usually have like like so well like like like like like like like well highly specialized coursework schedules and series of exam preparation courses courses courses courses courses courses courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that that that that that that that Germany and um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh I mean I mean aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another another another another another another another stratovolcano you know okay uh well um okay (located (located (located (located (located (located (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 - um okay so well uh I mean 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also he also he also he also he he he he he he he also he also he also owned two haciendas haciendas haciendas haciendas haciendas haciendas haciendas near Cali, called 'La I mean um well so so so so so so so okay um Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined uh I I I I I I I mean well I mean okay um Trosterud, she then transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred transferred to Vålerenga, where she played I mean I mean so you you you you you you you know uh I mean up to December 1999, and then then then then then then then in January 2000 signed uh okay I mean um so so so so so so so okay a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of like like like like like like like so um like you know um music performed by by by by by by by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including okay you know so so so so so so so you know um um seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it it it it it it it like so like um um okay an irresistibly stylish piece piece piece piece piece piece piece. Rk and rk and rk and rk and and and and and and and rk and rk and rk and inspiration since the the the the the the the um uh um well you know so late late late late late late late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the throughout the throughout the throughout the throughout the the the the the the the throughout the throughout the meal, the side dishes are are are are are are are served and eaten you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so so of San Francisco's Muni Metro and and and and and and and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to licensed to licensed to licensed to licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed to licensed to licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is is is is is is is currently okay okay okay like okay I mean owned owned owned owned owned owned owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, priests, priests, priests, priests, priests, priests, I mean you know like I mean you know know know know know know know well temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for for for for for for for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels the levels the levels the levels the the the the the the the levels the levels the levels of endemism and that that that that that that that of species richness are you know well uh um um um um um um um you know like frequently positive correlated; however, in some some some some some some some oceanic islands, there is high so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik Srebotnik Srebotnik Srebotnik Srebotnik Srebotnik Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending defending defending defending defending defending defending champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on on on on on on on well okay um well I mean uh the eastern slopes slopes slopes slopes slopes slopes slopes of Mount Helicon began in um I mean um you know know know know know know know so um the 6th century B. C C C C C C C. Its greatest period began from the uh so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the the the the the the the so I mean well uh um you know 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off the the the the the the the uh like well you know uh so Elephant The Cinema Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum a volunteer - run museum with uh uh okay you you you you you you you know you know well screenings for the public of of of of of of of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay I mean you know star in the southern southern southern southern southern southern southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales true Tales true true true true true true true Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women Women Women Women Women Women Women like well okay okay like well and Gay Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy okay you know know know know know know know well well like you know Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Waldman, Waldman, Waldman, Waldman, Waldman, Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May May May May May May May 28, uh you know like so like you know 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is is is is is is is recognized I mean like well well I mean like as as as as as as as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's today's today's today's today's today's today's modern you know uh um you know you know know know know know know know okay U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife red Fife red Fife red Fife red Fife red red red red red red red Fife red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every every every every every every every harvest for um uh well well um okay 40 years years years years years years years or more', but Red Fife is a a a a a a a well um okay like uh uh landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was okay you you you you you you you know like I mean um well married to the daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, okay well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Henriette Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a as a as a as as as as as as as a as a as a as a first - year year year year year year year law student in okay so so um well well well well well well well um 1891, Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, parents, parents, parents, parents, parents, parents, their parents, their parents, their parents, the homeowners, have apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently just placed the home for I mean um um like like like like like like like uh like sale and then gone out of town, town, town, town, town, town, town, you know so you know uh I mean you you you you you you you know and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been been been been been been been like I mean um uh I mean well sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered the Juruena okay I mean uh I mean you know know know know know know know I mean river, in northern Mato Grosso which which which which which which which is an important tributary okay like I mean well well well well well well well well well of the Tapajós river along with the the the the the the the discovered the like well um okay like uh Nambikwara tribe, tribe, tribe, tribe, tribe, tribe, tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a palace well well well well well well well um like um you know like in Downton on on on on on on on one of the islands by the Moot okay um like I I I I I I I mean well um when the palace was taken down down down down down down down and the so so you know okay well uh stone is is is is is is is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska haines Alaska haines Alaska haines Alaska haines haines haines haines haines haines haines Alaska haines Alaska haines Alaska is a one of the the the the the the the more northern like um okay so I mean I mean stops stops stops stops stops stops stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who okay like you know know know know know know know uh I mean well travel in winter travel to to to to to to to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Colon like okay so um you know um and and and and and and and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing firing firing firing firing firing firing arrows so well like uh okay uh continuously, and and and and and and and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park the park the park the park the the the the the the the park the park the park contains extensive woodlands and and and and and and and a series of you know so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player player player player player player player who plays like um well like um uh for Colchester United United United United United United United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well um you know you know prevent the reduction in in in in in in in the size of the school's um like uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay playing fields, although a new food technology like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like well block has been built where the the the the the the the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or I I I I I I I mean you know um okay so okay jackal, but a distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct distinct canid, although based only on morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, control, control, control, control, control, control, strategic so you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean you know hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and and and and and and and included in the I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well like well Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia ilisia is ilisia is ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises rises rises rises rises rises rises um you know you know so you know well near Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and I mean well well well well well well well well like uh I mean which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units of analysis in lexical semantics semantics semantics semantics semantics semantics semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather gather gather gather gather gather gather information, well you know you know uh like like like like like like like like built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti anti anti anti anti anti anti pollution and uh uh I mean you know um um are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay phil Klay Klay Klay Klay Klay Klay Klay phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American American American American American American American writer so like well uh you know um and United United United United United United United States Marine officer who won the National uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um Book Award for fiction in in in in in in in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin like like like like like like like I mean you know so you know you know in in in in in in in one of his very first acting roles during during during during during during during okay um so well uh like its first London London London London London London London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue um so uh okay uh I mean Hair)' is is is is is is is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally so so I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, um um um um um um um like okay like uh I mean they try to call call call call call call call him to warn him but like well you know well so so so so so so so okay are confronted by the assassin who spares their lives lives lives lives lives lives lives since they uh okay you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce so so so so so so so like I mean well I mean so and most most most most most most most of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know like like to to to to to to to Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished refurbished refurbished refurbished refurbished refurbished refurbished okay um like okay um uh a 100, 000 - - - - - - - square - foot warehouse and announced so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so like plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for for for for for for for frequent I mean so okay so uh um players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military military military military military military military reforms uh like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile missile missile missile missile missile missile systems I mean like so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the the the the the the the reason so um okay well like uh for the extinction extinction extinction extinction extinction extinction extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and and and and and and and her heir apparent like uh so uh so um um um um um um um is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on on on on on on on so like um so so so the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal of this project is to promote connection and and and and and and and you know like you know um uh okay celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration as the residents join together in a community that is a a a a a a a like so well uh so okay hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know well I mean by Charon, here played played played played played played played as a gum - chewing so um so you you you you you you you know so uh valley girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and and and and and and and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is rehberger is rehberger is rehberger is rehberger is is is is is is is rehberger is rehberger is a graduate of Hobart Hobart Hobart Hobart Hobart Hobart Hobart and William Smith Colleges, I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so so and previously served as the the the the the the the weekday co-anchor for WOFL I mean you know I mean I I I I I I I mean uh so - TV Orlando, FL, and was the the the the the the the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered well well well well well well well well uh well well so in the United States States States States States States States Congress and has since been um okay okay you know well well well well well well well okay invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, official, official, official, official, official, official, I mean so okay um uh you know purchased purchased purchased purchased purchased purchased purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the the the the the the the family so um okay I mean I mean uh arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and I I I I I I I mean you know uh um like uh the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ ($ ($ ($ ($ ($ ($ okay I mean okay okay okay you know 100, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 per year for ten years), and in 1935, like like like like like like like I mean uh uh well well he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias jim Mathias jim Mathias jim Mathias jim Mathias jim Mathias Mathias Mathias Mathias Mathias Mathias Mathias jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator Senator Senator Senator Senator Senator Senator - so I mean well like so well well well well well well well Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate I I I I I I I mean so um I mean you know well and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category this category this category this category this this this this this this this category this category this category compiles all pages based based based based based based based solely as like so like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a list of members by band; his well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 are bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 bg5 are the main possibilities you know you know like like like like like like like uh um like for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, 1960, 1960, 1960, 1960, 1960, 1960, having okay well uh well um well already won won won won won won won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so okay try to emulate Hogan's feat of of of of of of of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by by by by by by by Dutch music um you know so okay you you you you you you you know okay producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano piano piano piano piano piano piano playing and vocals well you know you know you you you you you you you know so um of American artist Wrabel, with with with with with with with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 from 1985 from 1985 from 1985 from 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 from 1985 from 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish Polish Polish Polish Polish Polish Polish - Egyptian excavations you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), Delta), and since 1987 he uh I mean you you you you you you you know you know like well has been directing a a a a a a a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at I mean I I I I I I I mean like so okay like Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, uh I mean uh so well okay United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in um um um um um um um I mean you know like um okay Baltimore, and then then then then then then then transferred with her cousin Bessie to well you know know know know know know know uh uh uh I mean the Howland Institute in in in in in in in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left gray left gray left gray left gray left left left left left left left gray left gray left Berwick Rangers at the end end end end end end end of uh well well like you know like the 2009/10 season season season season season season season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical critical critical critical critical critical critical to well you know I mean so you know um um um um um um um a program's performance; this register allocation is performed either by a a a a a a a well well like so um like compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean um the BBC from from from from from from from years past as saying that okay okay um um um I I I I I I I mean John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake so so so so so so so you know well uh okay um completely destroyed the first tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around around around around around around around like like uh I mean um I mean their their their their their their their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia so so so so so so so like uh okay I mean well that work in groups groups groups groups groups groups groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and and and and and and and former you know uh you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List List List List List List List on 15 you know like you know okay well well well well well well well well June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton on middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton middleton on middleton on middleton on the Hill is a a a a a a a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um um testimony at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered considered considered considered considered considered considered a uh you know okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she will try to to to to to to to well okay um like you know so seduce will will will will will will will be Richard and while Trish is away away away away away away away I mean I mean like like okay so so so so so so so invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the the the the the the the nearest like I mean well you know so so railway railway railway railway railway railway railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to well well well well well well well so like well um okay keep cool and staff prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto Toronto so okay like well um you know Argonauts of the CFL CFL CFL CFL CFL CFL CFL and played 8 games so you know well well well well well well well well well well in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - - - - - - - day well uh you know I mean you know well Cameroon, Africa; Africa; Africa; Africa; Africa; Africa; Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was okay so so so so so so so um uh you know I mean the first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the okay so so so so so so so like like well well headline 'Sooner or later Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is defeated by Scandal', you know okay um um um um um um um uh so so enumerates the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all all all all all all all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that feeling that feeling that feeling that feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling that feeling that feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part part part part part part part of I mean you know so okay okay um um um um um um um its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, well so so so so so so so um uh so so steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed as as as as as as as so okay so like well so the manager of Al Al Al Al Al Al Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was a further restoration carried out in um you know like like like like like like like you know well well 1922 after the calvary was was was was was was was declared a 'Monument Historique' in um um um like um um um um um um um you know 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the like like like like like like like um I mean you know like okay front gates of the the the the the the the school and forced it to close, you know so well well well well well well well like okay you know while officers of the the the the the the the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) you know know know know know know know uh um uh like uh which polymerizes and forms into into into into into into into an ordered filament structure which okay like well okay you you you you you you you know I mean has two protofilaments wrapping around each each each each each each each other, to form a you know okay so you know know know know know know know well so single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport um I mean you know you know I mean so in in in in in in in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, um um um um um um um uh like okay so you know a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed you you you you you you you know so so uh you know um in 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the the the the the the the biggest Italian I mean like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, Church, with you know well you know well uh well 4796 4796 4796 4796 4796 4796 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in 1987, in in in in in in in 1987, in 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO CNO CNO CNO CNO CNO CNO Safety um I mean well um so well 'S', a a a a a a a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay well so intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel clear Channel clear Channel clear Channel clear Channel Channel Channel Channel Channel Channel Channel clear Channel clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Parker okay you know um I mean okay like will will will will will will will share their vision for the future as um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean so um keynotes, as every sector sector sector sector sector sector sector of the evolving new you know like like okay so so so so so so so um music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only craft craft craft craft craft craft craft you know like like um um well upon which James Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray Murray could lay hands, the ship so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know was sent eastward eastward eastward eastward eastward eastward eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, pOSIX Threads, pOSIX Threads, pOSIX Threads, pOSIX pOSIX pOSIX pOSIX pOSIX pOSIX pOSIX Threads, pOSIX Threads, pOSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to to to to to to to you know well like so you know know know know know know know well become a presenter as well as a singer; well so so so so so so so well uh well well in 2016, she will will will will will will will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib um um um um um um um okay you know I mean um well University Foundation (a not not not not not not not - for - profit organization) with I mean um um um um um um um um I mean like um its decision to launch launch launch launch launch launch launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a a a a a a a British like so okay so okay uh professional boxer who who who who who who who has held the IBF welterweight title since so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh so 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Felix Felix Felix Felix Felix Felix um okay well so well uh Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the late 1980s he had become one of of of of of of of uh okay well so uh well New Zealand's most most most most most most most recognised actors on his own soil. He well well well well well well well well you know I mean well um was a a a a a a a much loved feature of many local films made like like like like like like like well I mean okay I mean like between 1981 and and and and and and and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, Ovadia, has allegedly you know okay like uh like like like like like like like like been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have been like like like like like like like well I mean okay I mean I mean granted granted granted granted granted granted granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was was was was was was was so like okay okay uh like succeeded by an even even even even even even even shorter - lived first Albanian you know you you you you you you you know uh so you know well Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed passed passed passed passed passed passed the Spooner so you know I mean um okay so so so so so so so Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority authority authority authority authority authority authority okay like well uh you know okay for the the the the the the the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos Buenos bogotá, Buenos bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, so I mean uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, City, City, City, City, City, City, like well so well uh okay Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated from the Department of Architecture of of of of of of of the like um like I mean well um Tallinn Art Art Art Art Art Art Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in so so so so so so so uh uh well uh so 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising like like like like like like like um um like so you know the wind: ' Oh! Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um uh well I mean March 1727) was was was was was was was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in La La La La La La La Jolla, uh um like uh uh you know California, California, California, California, California, California, California, in the parking lot of a golf course, where I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay well you know uh he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of of of of of of of the earliest well so you know well uh I I I I I I I mean implementations of this process where orders were taken by by by by by by by um I mean like I mean you know so so so so so so so phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the the the the the the the you know so like like uh I mean 6th and 7th centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, centuries, during the trying period when um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like the Visigoths had been defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated by the Frankish well okay okay so you know I I I I I I I mean King Clovis I, and was considered to be be be be be be be the center I mean well I mean like like like like like like like uh uh of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and and and and and and and T. L um um like like you know know know know know know know um. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet Soviet population well so uh so like um from 1922 1922 1922 1922 1922 1922 1922 - 1991 which was published by the Russian you you you you you you you know so okay you know okay I mean Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr. Baldwin Baldwin Baldwin Baldwin Baldwin Baldwin Baldwin was well okay so okay I mean like supported by by by by by by by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent MP Rob Oakeshott um um um um um um um you know so like okay okay and WA Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the resulting vote like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars I mean well well well well well well well so you know like I mean that are many times larger larger larger larger larger larger larger and more massive than the Sun okay well so so so so so so so um well um. Such stars live for only a few million million million million million million million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from I mean well well well well well well well um well like uh the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm Stockholm medical university, well so I mean like like um um um um um um um which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance left the play during its out - of - I I I I I I I mean uh so I mean okay well town tryouts, later later later later later later later saying she felt the role was not right uh um well well well well well well well so I mean I mean for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so like like fund the financial loss loss loss loss loss loss loss incurred by any rise in the like so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the the the the the the the stations to well so uh I mean so um um um um um um um Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; outlets; outlets; outlets; outlets; outlets; outlets; some you know so okay I mean so um affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial well well well well well well well well uh I mean well uh street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes Montes Montes Montes Montes Montes Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes francisco Montes Reina (January (January (January (January (January (January (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know like nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is home to a 4 - time state uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay well champion football team, which which which which which which which won three state titles in 2001, you know okay well um um um um um um um uh I mean 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in so so so so so so so okay um um uh I mean Dix Hills, serving serving serving serving serving serving serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions I mean okay like so uh you know know know know know know know with Dr. Berger and learns to try to to to to to to to confront um um like so uh I mean rather than than than than than than than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were they were they were they were they were were were were were were were they were they were popular for a brief period; however, however, however, however, however, however, however, the market for uh uh like so well um such such such such such such such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent of uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um well video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( ( ( ( ( ( ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join so so so so so so so um okay well um okay Team Prime, preferring instead instead instead instead instead instead instead to travel around on his uh I mean okay so so so so so so so you know you know own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group sub-group of Team uh you know like I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer alfred Romer alfred Romer alfred Romer alfred alfred alfred alfred alfred alfred alfred Romer alfred Romer alfred Romer was born in White Plains, Plains, Plains, Plains, Plains, Plains, Plains, New York, like I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting high school he met an Armenian music okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean uh uh band, using their instruments instruments instruments instruments instruments instruments instruments he learned music by experience and like you know know know know know know know um um okay well after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during during during during during during during the sudden okay I mean so like okay uh attack attack attack attack attack attack attack and the crusade force advanced toward the you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um um town of Al Mansurah where where where where where where where Robert d'Artois was killed and uh like well okay well well well well well well well um the crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a if a if a if a if if if if if if if a if a if a player chooses to take take take take take take take down the don't well so um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay pass line bet, he or she can no longer lay lay lay lay lay lay lay odds like um so well so I mean behind the don't don't don't don't don't don't don't pass line, but can still lay odds uh um you you you you you you you know uh uh okay on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the unlike the unlike the unlike the the the the the the the unlike the unlike the unlike the original implementations implementations implementations implementations implementations implementations implementations of Prolog, it has a well I mean uh um okay you you you you you you you know separate compilation phase, rather than being directly well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh interpreted, which allows a much wider wider wider wider wider wider wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to to to to to to to you know well um you know I mean I I I I I I I mean the south bank of the river a a a a a a a short walk from Thames I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um Street, Weybridge, and is situated just just just just just just just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part therefore, part therefore, part therefore, part part part part part part part therefore, part therefore, part therefore, part of of of of of of of the ceremonial county is in the well you know um um um um um um um you know uh so Yorkshire and the Humber region region region region region region region of England, and most is well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um in the East Midlands region; the county county county county county county county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard tank so so you know uh like uh with a Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his throughout his throughout his throughout his throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout his throughout his throughout his career, Lowe was known for for for for for for for his distinctive bald head, I mean uh well okay you you you you you you you know so full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between between between between between between between sixteen and twenty uh okay uh well I mean I I I I I I I mean was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears appears appears appears appears appears appears you know uh I mean you know so so so so so so so so in 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Final Final Final Final Final Final like you know um uh you know you know Fantasy Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice senator Rice senator Rice senator Rice senator Rice Rice Rice Rice Rice Rice Rice senator Rice senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Joint Joint Joint Joint Joint Joint Committee like I mean um well okay uh on Public Public Public Public Public Public Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as I I I I I I I mean okay well like okay so InterNIC, was was was was was was was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh I mean domain name allocations from 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 until September 18, 1998 when uh um uh so so so so so so so so uh this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - - - - - - - I mean well you know like like okay old girl who lives lives lives lives lives lives lives on Witch Tree Lane and, so you know so so so so so so so like so like along with the other people who live live live live live live live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all like well well well well well well well like okay you know you know of the governor's governor's governor's governor's governor's governor's governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U. S. Expatriates, well well well well well well well uh you know well you know uh and half the the the the the the the appointive offices in the government okay so okay okay um um um um um um um okay of Puerto Rico had been given to to to to to to to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains you you you you you you you know like well well uh I mean of free free free free free free free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open like um um um um um um um uh like so so to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn ibn ashama ibn ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum Axum Axum Axum Axum Axum Axum (Abyssinia) al so well so um you know you you you you you you you know - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and refused refused refused refused refused refused refused the I mean like I mean uh uh so so so so so so so requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that that that that that that that the Emperor would you know um like so so so so so so so okay I mean be having a coronary coronary coronary coronary coronary coronary coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um well well London) is best known as as as as as as as being the former okay uh okay well like like like like like like like um guitarist for Ash, but has since found found found found found found found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), 1795), 1795), 1795), 1795), 1795), 1795), who uh like okay I mean so I mean assumed the the the the the the the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay I mean like born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing north continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing north continuing north continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder DeRidder as South um I mean okay you know know know know know know know well uh Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along this, along this, along this, along this, this, this, this, this, this, this, along this, along this, along with pictures of the Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen of Afghanistan in western well well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative conservative conservative conservative conservative conservative conservative Shinwari tribe and so well like like like I mean resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh so knowing it is too too too too too too too dangerous to leave in the hands of like like like like like like like like okay I mean well so mortals or angels, takes the the the the the the the Black Soulstone back um uh so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic Atlantic like uh uh well like um Ocean in an open dory dory dory dory dory dory dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, uh um you know like like like like like like like well you know which arose from a dare with his friends over over over over over over over um um like uh um you know a game of of of of of of of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian University from 1967 to 1970, like I mean like like like like like like like okay like um compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing well um um um um um um um you know well okay like customer base, the the the the the the the two partners designed and implemented a specialized so I mean like like like like like like like you know um well manufacturing line -- when the the the the the the the first production batch rolled out, Jack okay okay um um um um um um um well so okay and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so okay so like working out of of of of of of of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the well well well well well well well so so well you know like first is is is is is is is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the album to so um um um um um um um I mean like so you know be written entirely by by by by by by by Bowie, it was released as okay well well um like like like like like like like you know a single ahead of the album and and and and and and and charted in the like so you know so like like like like like like like okay Top Ten in the UK and the the the the the the the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam later, Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam later, Sam later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying dying dying dying dying dying dying in you know you know okay I mean I I I I I I I mean like the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main the main the main the main the the the the the the the main the main the main façade is dominated by by by by by by by the bell tower and the like like I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's men's men's men's men's men's men's you know I mean like I mean well well well well well well well well professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one more more more more more more more uh like you know I mean like I I I I I I I mean chance, but at the end of a near - - - - - - - uh so uh well well so perfect dinner party, the the the the the the the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, New uh well I mean um uh so York) York) York) York) York) York) York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh well so Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um uh founder of OneChild, a a a a a a a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. The St. The St. The St St St St St St St. The St. The St. The St. George Theatre's interior is is is is is is is a variety of Spanish okay like so okay um um um um um um um well and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's the Island's Island's Island's Island's Island's Island's Island's the Island's the Island's the Island's the Island's the Island's newest newest newest newest newest newest newest movie and vaudeville like uh okay okay uh you know know know know know know know house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen martin martin martin martin martin martin martin Laursen martin Laursen martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 1977 in Fårvang) is a well I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand after strand after strand after strand after strand after strand strand strand strand strand strand strand after strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading invading invading invading invading invading invading 3' so you know well well uh like strand, changing changing changing changing changing changing changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney was cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney cuney was cuney was cuney was a member of the the the the the the the Union League uh okay I mean you know you know like like like like like like like and helped to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially um um um um um um um um like okay so okay improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know um like end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different positions, so like like like like like like like well okay well like with X and Y closer closer closer closer closer closer closer together than Y um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and Z, the temporal interval between the X X X X X X X and Y um um so uh okay uh flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes flashes is perceived to be shorter than that between like um um um um um um um um um I mean like the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was born in the late 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th century to so you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean one of the prostitutes working in in in in in in in a brothel: he has so uh um so uh um um um um um um um claimed he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - - - - - - - flight I mean well so well well I mean test in in in in in in in 1976 when, taking off under its own power like like like like like like like well well I mean I mean so from an old old old old old old old dirt strip near Moscow, it was flown by pilot I I I I I I I mean so I mean well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, in 1907, in 1907, in 1907, in in in in in in in 1907, in 1907, in 1907, Silent's son Chester Chester Chester Chester Chester Chester Chester died in a hunting so so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so accident, to which the former judge responded by largely largely largely largely largely largely largely well so you know so okay well withdrawing from his his his his his his his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities Securities Securities Securities Securities Securities Securities and Exchange uh um um so uh like Commission's Commission's Commission's Commission's Commission's Commission's Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and you know I I I I I I I mean um so so uh on the Board of of of of of of of Directors of the American uh um well like so so so so so so so you know Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 September September September September September September September uh so so um okay well 2016: he contributesd his his his his his his his lyrics to well so um okay I mean okay a a a a a a a reworked version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed um um um um um um um uh uh like so okay general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like okay well at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and and and and and and and like like I mean so um so he was unable unable unable unable unable unable unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 in 1847 in 1847 in 1847 1847 1847 1847 1847 1847 1847 in 1847 in 1847 in 1847 he invented the the the the the the the soft metric ribbon and um uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could could could could could could could get uh well okay you know um well the the the the the the the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well okay I mean built with with with with with with with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has written on political science, exploring how game like like like like like like like you know so uh well you know theory would would would would would would would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich Igorevich Igorevich Igorevich Igorevich Igorevich Igorevich nikita Igorevich nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 1993 1993 1993 1993 1993 1993 um well you know well so you know ) is a Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I mean like playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and you you you you you you you know um uh like like well content of the the the the the the the videos, including suggestions that it may have like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like you know been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the the the the the the the summer and you know uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily Sicily Sicily Sicily Sicily Sicily Sicily and Libya, I mean I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north and south towers were completed in 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 you know uh um so uh okay and 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just okay okay well I I I I I I I mean uh uh south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the using the using the using the the the the the the the using the using the using the Mukden Incident Incident Incident Incident Incident Incident Incident as a pretext, the begins, you know um well well well well well well well um like you know caused in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book the book the book the book the the the the the the the book the book the book publishing industry in South Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa is relatively so well uh uh okay like small, but but but but but but but it is nevertheless a key factor in okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so so its economy - there there there there there there there are more than 120 publishers in like um uh you you you you you you you know you know um the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win win win win win win win uh I mean I mean well um so and also led led led led led led led them in their centenary year, but left so you know know know know know know know so well uh you know the club in 1976 1976 1976 1976 1976 1976 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic okay um like like like like like like like like okay so in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre genre genre genre genre genre genre with like well so like like uh a science science science science science science science fiction theme centering on a union between a okay so so so so so so so okay well well so veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was he was present at at at at at at at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um well from the Russian Empress Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - man World like like like like like like like you know well uh like um Cup at at at at at at at 2014 - 15 season when he had 15 (from (from (from (from (from (from (from 16) okay you know you know so okay okay podium finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), Queens), I mean okay I mean okay well like New York York York York York York York ) is an American rapper, who okay like you you you you you you you know like uh I mean first began rapping at the the the the the the the age of 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content the content the content the the the the the the the content the content the content the content focuses on the the the the the the the titular event in like well well uh like I I I I I I I mean the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took took took took took took took place, in you know uh so well you know know know know know know know like which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and and and and and and and stored I mean well um you know okay well well well well well well well away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm 92 mm 92 92 92 92 92 92 92 mm 92 mm 92 mm 92 mm 92 mm um um um um um um um well you know I mean um okay machine machine machine machine machine machine machine gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War I I I I I I I mean so um so you know you know II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting boosting boosting boosting boosting boosting boosting their um you know okay well uh you know numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns well well well well well well well uh uh um I mean uh about its business practices practices practices practices practices practices practices - in particular the exclusivity well so you you you you you you you know so I mean okay requirement for the service service service service service service service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities activities activities activities activities activities activities so um so you know like I mean and by the end end end end end end end of the season is kicked you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh okay off the 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his his his his his his his I mean um well like um well infinite ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K K K K K K K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in New New New New New New New um okay like like uh you know York York York York York York York City opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell Dell Dell Dell Dell Dell Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared in like um you know so okay like five episodes between between between between between between between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the late 18th and early early early early early early early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Healing Healing Healing Healing Healing Healing Arts okay uh I mean you know okay well well well well well well well Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar spinocerebellar tract, like um I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a way in which stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting after starting after starting after starting after starting after after after after after after after starting after starting a fight in the mess hall, Han Han Han Han Han Han Han okay I mean I mean so uh uh is dragged to to to to to to to an isolation cell for punishment where so like um I I I I I I I mean I mean you know he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry cavalry cavalry cavalry cavalry cavalry cavalry so I mean okay like like uh under the the the the the the the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh well further down the Deep Deep Deep Deep Deep Deep Deep River, then set off with like um um you know know know know know know know uh like his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June June June June June June June 22, well I mean um okay I mean you know know know know know know know 1992) was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to to to to to to to the you know well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of of of of of of of the like okay uh okay like like Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects I I I I I I I mean well okay um uh I mean of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had had had had had had had been okay so well um okay I mean handed handed handed handed handed handed handed down in Australian football, the decision uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay like saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the like like like like like like like you know so well uh I mean Burid emir emir emir emir emir emir emir of Damascus, but he too was tired uh um so so so so so so so um I mean um or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Concert Concert Concert Concert Concert Concert Lamoureux under you know um I mean you know know know know know know know so well the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November November November November November November November 25, 1888, while the well so like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at at at at at at at the well okay you know like so um Treasury, and and and and and and and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so so okay Department, Lincoln had a a a a a a a powerful cabinet of determined you know well I mean um um um um um um um okay well men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He emperor He He He He He He He emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death um um um um um um um like okay so uh well and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest contest contest contest contest contest contest for um like I mean like you know um um um um um um um the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, abuse, since you know okay you know so like well 1979 and and and and and and and has appeared as a featured expert on so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, Trenton, the like well okay well you know okay route route route route route route route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know you know was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested contested contested contested contested contested contested with well well like um I mean okay Westminster's Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like Hall, a large large large large large large large and ponderous man known affectionately in the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay you know House as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play play play play play play play for like so okay I mean uh you know know know know know know know Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the the the the the the the so I mean well okay okay okay rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall in in in in in in in which you know you know uh you know so so so so so so so like the wedding will take place -- it's where Emily's Emily's Emily's Emily's Emily's Emily's Emily's parents got you know well like okay so like married, married, married, married, married, married, married, and the wedding will be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia desktop video um um like so well I mean standard standard standard standard standard standard standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed around 1984 by by by by by by by well uh uh um like okay Section 17 of The The The The The The The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 1859; I mean you know you know um so so so so so so so you know buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was was was was was was was damaged well well so you know you know well well well well well well well during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after it it it it it it it I mean um okay so okay like was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer norwegian singer norwegian singer norwegian singer norwegian norwegian norwegian norwegian norwegian norwegian norwegian singer norwegian singer norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in in in in in in in December 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently the independently the independently the independently the independently independently independently independently independently independently independently the independently the independently financed blockbuster helped helped helped helped helped helped helped to make him an um you know you know know know know know know know so I mean I mean international star star star star star star star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated graduated she graduated she graduated she graduated from School of of of of of of of Performing Arts Seoul in well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like I mean well not paying him, the the the the the the the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific you know um like like like like like like like like well I mean Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so you know started in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second second second second second second second single I mean I mean so okay like well well well well well well well and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have cited the downpoint of the album being the the the the the the the like I mean um like okay okay poor production, guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has um okay you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so stated that it was hard to have a a a a a a a so I mean okay I mean like I mean producer producer producer producer producer producer producer do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Daniel Jr. Daniel Jr. Daniel Jr. Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Jr. Daniel Jr. Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in in in in in in in 1752 and you know you know well like like you know know know know know know know died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 1837 1837 1837 1837 1837 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has rudolph has rudolph has rudolph has rudolph rudolph rudolph rudolph rudolph rudolph rudolph has rudolph has rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice Choice Choice Choice Choice Choice Choice award for uh okay well so so like his his his his his his his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won won won won won won won the so like like um uh so National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was digitally released on iTunes on 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 September uh you know like you know um you you you you you you you know 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is a hero from the realm of so so so so so so so uh like uh like okay Seido or Orderrealm, and and and and and and and devotes himself to preserving law okay um you know know know know know know know I mean so well and order at any cost, so so so so so so so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and Asian uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay uh uh markets are are are are are are are made by Axl in China, these guitars usually uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay uh you know have the serial serial serial serial serial serial serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her her her her her her her okay okay so okay you know um great efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts in trying to promote the country um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so she loves so much she was widowed 12 years years years years years years years ago I mean well like you know you know know know know know know know I mean but has managed to raise 3 charming charming charming charming charming charming charming children the well um I mean you know so so so so so so so um eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down down down down down down down well well like well I mean well to a lake lake lake lake lake lake lake and they help Zachary get baptized in okay you you you you you you you know so so you know uh a lake with a a a a a a a worker in the Bowl - A-Rama I mean you know know know know know know know like you know so okay who was going to become become become become become become become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows she follows she follows she follows she she she she she she she follows she follows she follows him back to Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague and moves in I mean you know you know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at at at at at at at the like um like like you know uh same time. He among among among among among among among with other yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, like like like like like like like like um well I mean well both of which are are are are are are are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns rei returns rei returns rei returns returns returns returns returns returns returns rei returns rei returns rei returns as a a a a a a a primary character in 'Rebuild of you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean Evangelion' and reappears reappears reappears reappears reappears reappears reappears in' where she remains generally the so uh um um um um um um um um okay well same as in the anime as as as as as as as she acts as so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach you you you you you you you know um you know I mean you know um um um um um um um program for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make make make make make make make okay like so so so you know a a a a a a a thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, thanks to to to to to to to well uh I mean okay uh you know specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist section you are able to create your well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so you know own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an I I I I I I I mean like so I mean well I mean advertising executive and and and and and and and the head of the New York so so so so so so so um so I mean uh um and New England Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, um I I I I I I I mean um so okay like eventually working at the the the the the the the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June June June June June June June uh um you know okay so um 1950 to to to to to to to find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air I I I I I I I mean uh like you know I mean like is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV um um um um um um um okay so uh so like - 1 was invulnerable to to to to to to to almost any German weapon except the you know know know know know know know I mean so I mean I mean I mean famous famous famous famous famous famous famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then then then then then then then okay um I mean uh well you know the University of York, York, York, York, York, York, York, after which he spent four um so like like well well well well well well well well months working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent like like like like like like like like like so like I mean for a a a a a a a food namely a cucumber that was like okay you you you you you you you know okay um I mean structural modified vs GM. Patent US US US US US US US D527165 is landmark patent okay um okay okay um um um um um um um so because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out out out out out out out of the okay uh okay okay like I mean Top Top Top Top Top Top Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth uh so like you know like okay and final season as as as as as as as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he uh well okay I I I I I I I mean um like played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made she made she made she made she made made made made made made made she made she made her television debut on the Fox Fox Fox Fox Fox Fox Fox you know well well I mean you know know know know know know know like show New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on on on on on on on to appear so uh um well like okay in in in in in in in About a Boy, The Young and the Restless and General General General General General General General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which which which which which which which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry her I I I I I I I mean like like well um I mean daughters to wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy men; whether or not uh you know you know know know know know know know you know like uh any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, well you know like um uh well was close close close close close close close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the low low low low low low low - so um I mean like well like like like like like like like reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed you you you you you you you know okay well uh um um football (soccer) club club club club club club club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so uh like Tranemo, Sweden at the the the the the the the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is haunted by the day when he he he he he he he discovered well okay so uh um you know his wife wife wife wife wife wife wife and father making love; he begins um you you you you you you you know I mean well you know uh displaying signs of of of of of of of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence so okay you you you you you you you know so you know you know in his his his his his his his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like the President's Council of Economic Economic Economic Economic Economic Economic Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability so so so so so so so I mean um okay um you know density function (PDF), (PDF), (PDF), (PDF), (PDF), (PDF), (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an so so so so so so so okay um well um I mean infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended scranton scranton scranton scranton scranton scranton scranton attended scranton attended scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head head head head head head head and led well you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage you know know know know know know know uh okay I mean like so for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a a a a a a a Cook Island um I mean like well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی (یونیورسٹی براۓ uh like okay I mean so like like like like like like like مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay 1988) was a Jewish scholar and and and and and and and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, actress, and you know okay um uh um well also appeared as as as as as as as a backing singer in the video so um you know know know know know know know so you know um for her mother's 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro san Pedro san Pedro san Pedro san san san san san san san Pedro san Pedro san Pedro Cutud is is is is is is is a city in the Philippines which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as as as as as as as The Cosmetics you know um okay you know well well well well well well well like Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied he studied he studied he studied he he he he he he he studied he studied he studied English and Creative Writing Writing Writing Writing Writing Writing Writing at Indiana State okay like well well okay okay University, University, University, University, University, University, University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan county um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um of West Yorkshire and has a population population population population population population population of approximately I mean I mean you know know know know know know know okay you know okay 1. 5 million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, 5million, this estimate excludes Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate Harrogate which like like you know like so like is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know like you know be in in in in in in in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which uh like you know know know know know know know okay well well featured a sample of Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though even though even though even though even even even even even even even though even though even though she has an an an an an an an above average IQ, so I mean like um um um um um um um I mean uh she is not a very good student, except except except except except except except for like you know um um okay uh Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined tarkabagish tarkabagish tarkabagish tarkabagish tarkabagish tarkabagish tarkabagish joined tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as um um um um um um um like so um okay well their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, he was nominated as the one uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know okay well of front front front front front front front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um I mean well of Legends' but lost lost lost lost lost lost lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um well 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not not not not not not not I mean well well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify you you you you you you you know well you know you know you know like like like like like like like 11 of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for for for for for for for mnnit I mean you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff um um um um um um um okay so well so like had been invited invited invited invited invited invited invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as like okay um um um um um um um you know okay uh part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, landholdings, uh so like okay well um Taylor was promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment so you you you you you you you know um like uh well in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm is a place in the London London London London London London London Borough of Camden, so okay okay I mean like well well well well well well well best known as the site of 'The Roundhouse', a you you you you you you you know like well I mean so well former circular circular circular circular circular circular circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' 'Altiplano' I mean so like like like um ) of western western western western western western western - central Michoacan State, the River takes like so so so so so so so like like like like a course mainly towards the south, south, south, south, south, south, south, and finally so okay I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; forces; forces; forces; forces; forces; forces; played a you know so you know you know like like like like like like like like key role in a political crisis that threatened threatened threatened threatened threatened threatened threatened to um I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay tear the Liberal government and the country apart and and and and and and and uh uh I mean okay like okay incurred the the the the the the the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day boston Day Day Day Day Day Day Day boston Day boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages re-engages re-engages re-engages re-engages re-engages re-engages off uh I mean um so um okay - track students students students students students students students in their education preparing them for you know so you know know know know know know know like well like high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree degree degree degree degree degree degree from Howard University okay you know you know um um um um um um um well I mean in 1997, then attended the Juilliard Juilliard Juilliard Juilliard Juilliard Juilliard Juilliard School's Drama Division as I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean a member of 'Group 30' (1997 (1997 (1997 (1997 (1997 (1997 (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to to to to to to to use so you know I mean well you know um concrete concrete concrete concrete concrete concrete concrete to keep costs down, but a steel design design design design design design design uh so I mean um I mean I mean was was was was was was was chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay like like the Tohoku Shinkansen, and and and and and and and upon the Shinkansen's extension um well um um um um um um um you know um I mean to Aomori, the the the the the the the remaining northern portion of the line is okay like I I I I I I I mean you know so you know expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was she was she was she was she she she she she she she was she was she was drawn to the project to to to to to to to give her uh I mean so well you know know know know know know know okay young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get like like like like like like like um like so well like a sense of (her) on on on on on on on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, in 1925, in 1925, in 1925, in 1925, in in in in in in in 1925, in 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises premises premises premises premises premises premises you know uh well so um well on Fifth Fifth Fifth Fifth Fifth Fifth Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for I I I I I I I mean well uh so like so the Deaf and and and and and and and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and and and and and and and just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean well hospital was shifted shifted shifted shifted shifted shifted shifted to other building and the same building like like like like like like like okay uh well I mean well was converted converted converted converted converted converted converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know uh I mean and Tučė, grew grew grew grew grew grew grew unhappy with expanding power of uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean Mindaugas and his clan and invaded Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' Lengvenis' estate (believed uh like like I mean um um to to to to to to to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited awaited awaited awaited awaited awaited awaited sentencing under well well well so uh okay their plea plea plea plea plea plea plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he you know know know know know know know you know uh you know so you know be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard george george george george george george george Lorillard george Lorillard george Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 1886 uh um like okay uh I mean at the age of of of of of of of forty - two; his funeral was held um um um um um um um like I mean well okay I mean in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', Mary', I mean uh uh uh you know you know loaded with with with with with with with American troops and supplies, and submerged to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so well um attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in you you you you you you you know uh okay I mean so um 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA the OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA OVA the OVA the OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else everyone else everyone else everyone else everyone else everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone else everyone else from the TV show has left the the the the the the the like so um I mean okay you know group, and been been been been been been been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, bass uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean so player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean I mean I mean Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to operate the existing I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay I mean well like Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining initially joining initially joining initially initially initially initially initially initially initially joining initially joining initially joining initially joining the the the the the the the BBC in 1967 as a reporter like well uh you know know know know know know know you know like for 'The World At One', she she she she she she she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling okay well well well well well well well I mean uh uh well still struggling with the same same same same same same same structural problems, in addition, like okay well so so so so so so so okay okay they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen was christensen christensen christensen christensen christensen christensen christensen was christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California California California California California California California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the the the the the the the University of like um well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were were were were were were were okay well okay um uh so an English rock band band band band band band band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the hot hot hot hot hot hot hot one'; um um I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know this is shown in 'Historical Friction', when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like like like like like like like the like uh well I mean uh um um um um um um um winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, I I I I I I I mean like so um uh okay is slower and and and and and and and more melancholic; the third theme is played so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre um um um um um um um um you know okay well so is located at Jindabyne, Jindabyne, Jindabyne, Jindabyne, Jindabyne, Jindabyne, Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney um okay okay I I I I I I I mean like so and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw saw saw saw saw saw saw greatly expanded okay well like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II ang II ang II ang II ang ang ang ang ang ang ang II ang II ang II also functions within the RAAS RAAS RAAS RAAS RAAS RAAS RAAS as a you know like okay I mean um so so so so so so so negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied in the campus of Takoradi Takoradi Takoradi Takoradi Takoradi Takoradi Takoradi Polytechnic but like you know like well I mean you you you you you you you know dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper newspaper newspaper newspaper newspaper newspaper newspaper founded I mean well so so um so in London on on on on on on on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after after after after after after after 1950, uh well so so um okay Clark published no no no no no no no more fiction during the remaining two decades of like so so so so so so so so well so you know his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, I mean okay you know like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named I I I I I I I mean so well so well so the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - to - - - - - - - well well uh well I mean uh business service provider provider provider provider provider provider provider for mobile payment, mobile content so I mean you know know know know know know know uh uh um and other value - added services services services services services services services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, he is, he is, he is, he is, is, is, is, is, is, is, he is, he is, in fact, a native of of of of of of of Aughavas Co so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times times times times times times times so okay like um so well that the wire wire wire wire wire wire wire was pulled through a draw plate, becoming you know like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know well harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they although they although they although they although they they they they they they they although they although they did not have what is classified classified classified classified classified classified classified as Modern I mean okay like I mean so like like like like like like like Kid Power, it is estimated that there was enough kid kid kid kid kid kid kid well okay um so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita Bonita Bonita Bonita Bonita Bonita Bonita M. Bonita M. Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in in in in in in in Port Angeles, uh okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well Washington United States) is President of the and originator originator originator originator originator originator originator of like so uh okay well uh the 'service 'service 'service 'service 'service 'service 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay could pass to obtain the Green Green Green Green Green Green Green Card which will uh uh you know I mean like like like like like like like okay determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a so you know know know know know know know well uh so so grade cricketer who played for Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote Northcote and the Victorian like well like well well um um um um um um um Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents john's parents john's parents john's parents john's parents parents parents parents parents parents parents john's parents john's parents fly up from Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles to the Draytons' um like like uh well you know know know know know know know dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country was divided into different economical and and and and and and and political I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so systems, with several kinds of currency in circulation, circulation, circulation, circulation, circulation, circulation, circulation, and the ancient Baltic um um uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew afew months after Womer was born his well so you know know know know know know know like okay I mean mother (Roxie) took ill, and and and and and and and it became increasingly difficult for so I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um her to care for four children and his his his his his his his parents well well um I mean okay well well well well well well well decided to send him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other other other other other other other specialty sugars, you know you know like well uh so so so so so so so but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 like like like like like like like like so so okay well at Melbourne in the next Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible the Invisible the Invisible the Invisible the Invisible Invisible Invisible Invisible Invisible Invisible Invisible the Invisible the Invisible Rail, first classified by English English English English English English English zoologist George you know like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the the the the the the the Pecos um I mean like well uh okay and, as employer employer employer employer employer employer employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well uh figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed like like like like like like like I mean um you know uh uh as the NDP NDP NDP NDP NDP NDP NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as well so so so so so so so well uh um okay a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan where where where where where where where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post post post post post post post houses like I mean um uh uh like were houses or or or or or or or inns where horses were kept and could um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like be rented and postriders could be be be be be be be hired to you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh so um made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead lead lead lead lead lead lead plates like well so uh uh uh written in an unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown unknown language or constructed language and are alleged like like like like like like like like I mean well like I mean to to to to to to to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but they I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um well you know okay are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a a a a a a a like well uh okay you know I mean variety variety variety variety variety variety variety of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became became became became became became became a derecho so well uh I mean okay well and and and and and and and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as 91 91 91 91 91 91 91 you know I mean I mean so you know know know know know know know so mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, um so like well well well equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of of of of of of of uh you know you know okay I mean um um um um um um um underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O O O O O O O. M' like I mean you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. Around 2004 -- 05, where he he he he he he he noted that the character was okay I mean so so so so so so so I mean okay um pretty strong, but that that that that that that that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a a a a a a a Swedish professional like uh okay like uh I mean ice ice ice ice ice ice ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the the the the the the the French army, well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss the the the the the the the Swiss the Swiss the Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires Umpires Umpires Umpires Umpires Umpires Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) um okay well well you know know know know know know know you know was constituted in June 2001, its objectives being being being being being being being to promote I mean okay you know you know I I I I I I I mean so and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, and to attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various so so so so so so so you know well um okay you know stories tell tell tell tell tell tell tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - - - - - - - so I mean I mean well I mean you you you you you you you know acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was she was she was she was she was was was was was was was she was she was born in Los Angeles, California, grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up like I mean uh well I mean you you you you you you you know in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning so so okay well like so a mast mast mast mast mast mast mast step, which by its arrangement of boards allows um um um um um um um um you know so I mean well the mast to be be be be be be be raised and lowered, and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights rights rights rights rights rights rights to you know you know like okay so so so so so so so so 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U. S. Remake Remake Remake Remake Remake Remake Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the age of twenty he had taken over the the the the the the the malt like okay uh um well okay - making side of the the the the the the the family business and in June 1567 um well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't some um um um um um um um like so I mean so uh excellent images among the finalists, finalists, finalists, finalists, finalists, finalists, finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have been been been been been been been well you know uh um okay uh 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo making um okay uh so so so so so so so I mean so it's first appearance in the the the the the the the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay um when engaged in heavy fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, a single German infantry okay uh like well I mean so so so so so so so division required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies supplies a well so you know well um okay day, though though though though though though though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular popular popular popular popular popular popular pastime among so um like okay so like peak baggers; another another another another another another another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen Gundersen well um um well you know I mean & Løken, Løken, Løken, Løken, Løken, Løken, Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so like the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than like you you you you you you you know you know so okay uh its western western western western western western western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada um so you you you you you you you know like you know like is the result of a fault fault fault fault fault fault fault - block that well okay well I mean well well well well well well well you know is analogous to a cellar door: the the the the the the the door well you know so like uh well is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Majestic Majestic Majestic Majestic Majestic Majestic Cabaret, which you know so like I mean you you you you you you you know uh operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, well so uh well I mean you know more brutish cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence well well so so so so so so so I mean well you know to guide their servants servants servants servants servants servants servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage I I I I I I I mean I mean well um you know um name name name name name name name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and actor actor actor actor actor actor actor so well uh like I mean uh best known known known known known known known as a member and one of the main like so um um um um um um um so you know I mean vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is half the size of all all all all all all all previous basic receivers okay well well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know and provides coaxial cable, composite video and and and and and and and S - like um like so you know like Video outputs, outputs, outputs, outputs, outputs, outputs, outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in I I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean okay well Haverfordwest Haverfordwest Haverfordwest Haverfordwest Haverfordwest Haverfordwest Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and well like like like like like like like well like you know so with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an you you you you you you you know okay you know okay okay um American former former former former former former former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he is is is is is is is uh so okay you know well you know a member member member member member member member of the Democratic Party and served as okay well well well well well well well uh I mean well you know the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional professional professional professional professional professional professional well uh like well like so soldier, Deng was was was was was was was a political activist and knew little about so um I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh military, their personalities personalities personalities personalities personalities personalities personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having like like like like like like like you know okay well so uh several single single single single single single single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - - - - - - - old robotics well okay so like so I mean prodigy prodigy prodigy prodigy prodigy prodigy prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related related related related related related related to so okay like so I mean um the the the the the the the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens Citizens graduating with so uh well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - well well well well well well well I mean well you know I mean uh stroke, displacement, air air air air air air air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um poly V belt reduction drive with with with with with with with reduction ratios so well I mean like uh so so so so so so so of 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2 okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean well. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2. 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes had originally been flown as part of of of of of of of you know okay uh well I mean so Japan's Japan's Japan's Japan's Japan's Japan's Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay um on the mainland, and and and and and and and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is okay um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know so not the the the the the the the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did not have have have have have have have okay so okay uh I mean um any any any any any any any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells her loves her and their love was was was was was was was always okay um you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of um um um um um um um you know um okay uh okay the the the the the the the drink was a variation of Ed the Tizer well so so so so so so so like uh okay like Head, whilst its sole video advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the well well well well well well well okay well um I mean so HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 1629 an action so you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh of the Eighty Years 'War in which which which which which which which a Dutch Republican like I mean well okay I I I I I I I mean okay army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch Hertogenbosch which had been I mean like well like okay well well well well well well well loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma like like like like like like like so you know so so okay debut, they released a a a a a a a third CD, 'State of Control' and a uh well well well well well well well like you know uh well full production Live CD on on on on on on on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white blaze blaze blaze blaze blaze blaze blaze well uh so like well okay bred in County County County County County County County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, like so um you know know know know know know know you know you know a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served served served served served served served as Mayor like uh okay I mean uh uh of Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland Auckland and was re-elected to this office in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% like well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached it reached it reached it reached it reached it reached reached reached reached reached reached reached it reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, I I I I I I I mean well um like I mean so Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to date um um um um um um um like well well you know so on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Corporation okay you know like you know uh um increased its its its its its its its assets by almost 10 times, and took well so um um um um um um um okay you know uh the 5th place in the DCM, DCM, DCM, DCM, DCM, DCM, DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding -- I mean so I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I mean every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of of of of of of of data -- making uh I mean like um so so so so so so so um the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on on on on on on on the well I mean okay you know well well well well well well well um Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along you you you you you you you know well uh I mean so uh Bath Road where where where where where where where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know (still named as such), such), such), such), such), such), such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and and and and and and and um you know you know so okay so a French French French French French French French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden name after well well well well well well well um I mean so like um the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, MacDonald, Hahn was uh like um like I mean you you you you you you you know released and in July 1933 he was able able able able able able able to emigrate to like well um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Britain, where he settled in Scotland and and and and and and and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well like so operating between art art art art art art art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after after after after after after after the um you know uh like um so mission's mission's mission's mission's mission's mission's mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have left their courses courses courses courses courses courses courses well like uh uh you know like due to to to to to to to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new so so so so so so so like uh um okay like tendency is emerging as students students students students students students students who complete their GCE so okay you know so so so so so so so uh I mean Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance the importance the importance the importance the importance importance importance importance importance importance importance the importance the importance of Pyongyang declined in the the the the the the the late 16th century, when like uh okay you know know know know know know know well okay the Japanese conquered it, and the city city city city city city city was further damaged like like I mean you know like like like like like like like okay when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear like like like like like like like okay like well so like Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel franz Werfel franz Werfel franz Werfel franz franz franz franz franz franz franz Werfel franz Werfel franz Werfel was born a German - speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking Jew okay I mean so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab Punjab to this okay uh um well like I mean day and and and and and and and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the the the the the the the siege by okay so well um okay you know know know know know know know arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage so so so so so so so like okay so you know well which enabled a a a a a a a ground assault by Bosnian and so uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' 'exotic' 'exotic' 'exotic' 'exotic' 'exotic' 'exotic' you know well well um um well mesons made made made made made made made of two quarks and two antiquark, but like you you you you you you you know so like so you know the particle physics community community community community community community community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is is is is is is is so okay you know okay well you know know know know know know know believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused caused caused caused caused caused caused um like uh well uh so chaos - fire fire fire fire fire fire fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician assistant program was first accredited on on on on on on on May 1, okay well so um so well 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large large large large large large large um so okay you know you know well males can can can can can can can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd like like like like like like like I mean um so you know uh which organized organized organized organized organized organized organized world tours and booked live performances for various artists artists artists artists artists artists artists okay well you know well okay um including Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than than than than than than than Ilsted's um um okay um like so scenes of common common common common common common common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent underwent underwent underwent underwent underwent underwent jurevicius underwent jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out out out out out out out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 from 17 from 17 from 17 from 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 from 17 from 17 January 1943, it was part of the British British British British British British British like you know okay well well uh First Army in Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia Tunisia and from there it fought through um uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) so so um well okay well is a Russian professional professional professional professional professional professional professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like like uh him about Mookie's Mookie's Mookie's Mookie's Mookie's Mookie's Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance like well okay um um um um um um um well well and worked with them to trick Mookie Mookie Mookie Mookie Mookie Mookie Mookie into misplaying okay well well well uh so his his his his his his his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and and and and and and and uh well well like okay well Napoleonic Wars, rising to to to to to to to the rank of an 'Oberst' and so so so so so so so so so uh well you know chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in 2001, in in in in in in in 2001, in 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon weapon weapon weapon weapon weapon weapon that fires um well I mean um uh you know miniature miniature miniature miniature miniature miniature miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a wormhole um um um um um um um um well well uh um through which a giant prehistoric prehistoric prehistoric prehistoric prehistoric prehistoric prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and well um um um um um um um um like well okay deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also studied Drama and used to combine writing writing writing writing writing writing writing with her uh well like so so uh work as as as as as as as an actress and producer in her country, where she she she she she she she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, like like so um okay you know but the Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around Jumet, he was was was was was was was active um like well uh I mean well in in in in in in in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are are are are are are are uh I mean okay okay um you know a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight tight tight tight tight tight tight division like like like so uh well race in in in in in in in which they finished one game out in the first you you you you you you you know so okay um uh uh half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died died died died died died died when he okay uh um uh I mean um was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and and and and and and and I mean well okay uh okay uh is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in the US I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so um um the the the the the the the band decided to film a higher budget video: uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well you know like the American American American American American American American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella well so so so so so so so I mean you know you know you know Miko, and Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal Nakhal on well okay you know uh like so a a a a a a a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time as time as time as time as time time time time time time time as time as time goes by they go to to to to to to to the race um you know uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with together with together with together with with with with with with with together with together with together with the organization's president Li JianChiu JianChiu JianChiu JianChiu JianChiu JianChiu JianChiu (李建秋), uh um well like uh uh they set set set set set set set up their establishment of the federation in Beijing as as as as as as as I mean I mean um so like like the the the the the the the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option in support support support support support support support uh um I mean well like you know of Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the SHAEF okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like deception planners, were worried about the the the the the the the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the given the given the given the given given given given given given given the given the given the precarious political connections of of of of of of of Sher Afghan before um okay like like you know know know know know know know okay his death, his family was in great danger danger danger danger danger danger danger and therefore so I mean so well you know know know know know know know okay for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit okay like um um well um photon antibunching, so so so so so so so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean uh I mean as as as as as as as a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with another another another another another another another so um uh well okay you know former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition and and and and and and and well so like uh like uh exile in 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to to to to to to to I mean well okay uh well you know 1981 and and and and and and and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew Currie matthew Currie matthew Currie Holmes (born May May May May May May May 26, 1974) is a so well um okay you you you you you you you know you know Canadian actor / producer / / / / / / / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has he has he has he has he has he has he has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy I I I I I I I mean so uh okay you know uh was permitted to to to to to to to remain open as an independent training organization you know um well you you you you you you you know um so in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so so well 'coemptio' or 'usus': in in in in in in in the latter, a uh well so well you know you know know know know know know know woman could avoid her husband's legal control simply by okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like so like like being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um like night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and and and and and and and I mean I mean like so uh so Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played played played played played played played in um like so I mean you know um um um um um um um the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level for you you you you you you you know uh so okay like uh Scotland, and at at at at at at at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional professional professional professional professional professional professional okay so I mean uh well well body was was was was was was was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells tells tells tells tells tells tells Satella like you know I mean um um well to take take take take take take take Azmaria as far away as they can, like like like like like like like like um um okay um but before they can can can can can can can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into um you know like like like like like like like I mean like okay stone and takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was cardiff was cardiff was cardiff was cardiff was was was was was was was cardiff was cardiff was once a full member of of of of of of of the university um so like I mean uh uh but but but but but but but has now left (though it retained some ties) having so like like like like like like like okay I mean so so previously merged with the University University University University University University University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if if if if if if if um okay you know uh uh um they they they they they they they object the child (unless they are over 16 years old) old) old) old) old) old) old) you know um um I mean so so can not not not not not not not be accommodated under Section 20 of this Act; the the the the the the the so um uh uh uh so parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu Tuvalu well you know uh you know you know okay is is is is is is is the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes from you know well so like you you you you you you you know like severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence during her her her her her her her birth well like well well uh like and has been been been been been been been treated for the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the the the the the the the team Los Pochos Guapos okay well okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with Kaos who main evented in third episode in a a a a a a a so well like I mean like so so so so so so so Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the uh well well well well well well well I mean okay like I mean Los Angeles Sparks In In In In In In In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA like well so so so so so so so you know you know like Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions Productions Productions Productions Productions Productions Productions chutzpa Productions chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar bar bar bar bar bar bar with thought - provoking, so I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new you know know know know know know know um well um okay um movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name the name the name the name the the the the the the the name the name the name 'Elephant and Castle' in South South South South South South South London is often said like I mean I mean well well well well well well well so well to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship Professorship like well I mean well well uh Chair of Electrical Engineering Engineering Engineering Engineering Engineering Engineering Engineering and is also a um I mean um well okay like like like like like like like Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - - - - - - - okay uh I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean based, amateur handball club registered in the England England England England England England England um uh so so you know uh Handball Association, which which which which which which which hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of of of of of of of I mean like um well well so Zhang's works works works works works works works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American American American American American American American actor best known um so I mean uh well well well well well well well so for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls on HBO HBO HBO HBO HBO HBO HBO series you know um uh so so so 'The Wire' Wire' Wire' Wire' Wire' Wire' Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the postwar the postwar the postwar the postwar the the the the the the the postwar the postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase the like well so uh like I mean whole Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works well well well well well well well like like I mean so like and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um okay 20, 1965) was born near McComb and and and and and and and attended the uh so um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know um you know singer Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after after after after after after after like like I mean you know um um a career career career career career career career on the stage of more than two I I I I I I I mean so so so uh like decades, playing playing playing playing playing playing playing secondary character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration which only uh like okay um so okay flew flew flew flew flew flew flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended a a a a a a a well well well well okay well few catholic seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries seminaries before he became a priest, he well so like you you you you you you you know uh I mean was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in the the the the the the the USA well uh I mean okay uh uh to introduce RFID RFID RFID RFID RFID RFID RFID technology was Spring Independent School I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um District near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 28, 000 students um okay so so like you know RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C C C C C C C. Calhoun you know so you know okay well I mean Mansion Mansion Mansion Mansion Mansion Mansion Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room so so so so so so so so like I mean you know like house about 1803 1803 1803 1803 1803 1803 1803 and was called Clergy Hall uh you know you know know know know know know know I mean like so by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government local government local government local government government government government government government government local government local government local government is supplied supplied supplied supplied supplied supplied supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council okay like um you know know know know know know know well um while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before just before just before just before just before before before before before before before just before just before the Riley Center was completed, completed, completed, completed, completed, completed, completed, the city announced uh you know like like like like like like like uh um so that it had bought the Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Threefoot Building from a well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh private developer, hoping that a Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke Schalke Schalke Schalke Schalke Schalke Schalke for the so okay uh you know well I I I I I I I mean first time due to an injury of of of of of of of Benedikt Höwedes in okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; Nuremberg; Nuremberg; Nuremberg; Nuremberg; Nuremberg; Nuremberg; like uh um like uh so he also scored the the the the the the the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to to to to to to to the so uh uh well um okay official religion religion religion religion religion religion religion as a way for people to like you know so so so so so so so you know um I mean seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated in I mean I mean um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built in in in in in in in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so uh possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is is is is is is is well um okay well okay um an American professional basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who okay um I I I I I I I mean so like like murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm firm firm firm firm firm firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is is is is is is is exposed well like so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park banksia Park banksia Park banksia Park banksia Park banksia Park Park Park Park Park Park Park banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb you you you you you you you know uh I mean like you know know know know know know know uh located 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also worked briefly for his father's uh so so so so so so so like you know um well publisher, Reilly & Britton, worked worked worked worked worked worked worked in advertising in Chicago, and was I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like okay um like the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly badly badly badly badly badly badly desired like okay like I mean like I mean to become become become become become become become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 1985 um like like um uh uh ) is a South Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 on 15 on 15 on 15 on 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 on 15 on 15 August, he scored Spurs Spurs Spurs Spurs Spurs Spurs Spurs 'first goal of the okay um well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw you you you you you you you know uh well like well so at home to to to to to to to Stoke City, and on 26 September, okay so so so so so so so so I mean I mean I mean Dier scored the team's equalising equalising equalising equalising equalising equalising equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh was was was was was was was entrusted you know you know uh like okay um to to to to to to to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Division, you know so you know uh like okay commanded commanded commanded commanded commanded commanded commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball so I I I I I I I mean like well well uh League, a summer league for college college college college college college college players, with um well like I mean you know like the Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE GCE GCE GCE GCE GCE GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to nominees to nominees to nominees to nominees to to to to to to to nominees to nominees to Party positions are invariably elected elected elected elected elected elected elected by wide you know like uh uh um okay margins margins margins margins margins margins margins in single - candidate votes, although there like so so so so so so so well well um well is room for symbolic protest votes votes votes votes votes votes votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly you you you you you you you know you know like well um okay led astray by by by by by by by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in in in in in in in the so okay well so okay so so so so so so so Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the the the the the the the City okay okay well well okay um of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, the the the the the the the pair became you know um I mean um okay you know a a a a a a a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 46 46 46 46 46 46 season, and um I mean uh um you you you you you you you know like in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign in foreign in foreign policy the nation never joined joined joined joined joined joined joined the League so you know you know uh uh I mean of Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where where where where where where where so well um okay I mean I I I I I I I mean dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among among among among among among among dismounts,' you know so so so I mean well well well well well well well carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January in January in January in January in in in in in in in January in January in January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a a a a a a a party of employees and I mean I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh their families travelled by steamer to to to to to to to Brisbane, disembarked in like uh well well like well well well well well well well Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, you know know know know know know know like I mean uh like you know set out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical styles, styles, styles, styles, styles, styles, styles, okay uh so you know um okay many of the the the the the the the later conceived artists in the okay well you you you you you you you know you know like so 80's and 90's are are are are are are are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a a a a a a a so so like okay okay uh demonstration outside Downing Downing Downing Downing Downing Downing Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered he offered he offered he offered he offered offered offered offered offered offered offered he offered he offered to pay $ 34, 187 187 187 187 187 187 187 in back rent on um um uh so I mean like like like like like like like the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but the so so so so so so so um okay I mean okay you know government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well so you know storytelling to put to to to to to to to paper a series of captivating, colorful okay so uh so so so so so so so okay so stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the um um um um um um um well uh well okay like Gregory - Aland numbering), numbering), numbering), numbering), numbering), numbering), numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime film well uh uh uh so like it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan well okay you know like you know you know know know know know know know Går Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right um um um um um um um well uh so like okay of the 23rd Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade Brigade was exposed and enveloped by well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his his his his his his his well you know you know like so I mean travels, travels, travels, travels, travels, travels, travels, which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent well like like like like like like like well okay you know okay traveller has matched; his his his his his his his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks as one of the highest highest highest highest highest highest highest countries I mean okay well okay you know I mean in in in in in in in test scores in math, science, and literacy, s s s s s s s so okay okay well well you know listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty the the the the the the the Liberty the Liberty the Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro Pro Series race held you know like uh like you you you you you you you know you know on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 2005 to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main well well well well well well well um well like uh like antagonist, ditching Greg for his his his his his his his new girlfriend Abigail, uh so you know well you know know know know know know know I mean though in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in in in in in in in uh so well okay uh so Season 8, she she she she she she she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only okay you you you you you you you know like like uh okay leftist youth organization in in in in in in in the whole area of the Persian like I mean well well well well well well well so like uh Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on on on on on on on the well um like like well like life of Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay uh you know South Australia from 1994 1994 1994 1994 1994 1994 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had browning had browning had browning had browning had had had had had had had browning had browning had been drinking since the war, but his his his his his his his drinking like well so like um well became became became became became became became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members of the team became jealous of of of of of of of well so okay okay um you know the tall, tall, tall, tall, tall, tall, tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so like uh Liberal Democrat politician, heir to to to to to to to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by well so so so so so so so um well well well Reverend John Hugh Smyth - - - - - - - Pigott, whose house okay well you know um well well in in in in in in in St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had had had had had had had stated Cerofisi was so I mean I mean so so so so so so so you know I mean 'one of the toughest men in in in in in in in the world'; uh well um um um uh police suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however um you know know know know know know know like well I mean okay they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate appropriate for a reverse auction, okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh as back loads and part loads often uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay so so okay require a degree degree degree degree degree degree degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off - - - - - - - road vehicles well uh I mean so you know well well well well well well well planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened fire on you you you you you you you know well um like you know you know worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 people like you know well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character the character the character the character the character character character character character character character the character the character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD RISD RISD RISD RISD RISD RISD with the so okay okay so you know well well well well well well well group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot Shoot Shoot Shoot Shoot Shoot Shoot Cop you know okay uh you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band well well well well well well well um I mean like uh um recorded an album named named named named named named named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand well well well well well well well so you know um you know um. Idea stores are are are are are are are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers an an an an an an an I mean um um well so so area of (approx) 50 50 50 50 50 50 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience so well well well well well well well so um I mean so No. 2', the first single released released released released released released released on May 21st 2008, along so well okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so I mean so visionary and virtuoso of of of of of of of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside uh I mean like like like like like like like like okay okay the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based based based based based based based um so you know um uh okay loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his you you you you you you you know uh you know um like well participation in in in in in in in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: you know okay um um um um um um um uh well okay before Corll vacated the address on June June June June June June June 26, Henley assisted Corll I mean I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um and Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from from from from from from from um so like uh you know um the Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and from from from from from from from 1990 like so like you know I mean so to 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they they they they they they they are okay well well um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining well I I I I I I I mean so uh uh well water in the plant and and and and and and and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was kanJam was kanJam was kanJam was was was was was was was kanJam was kanJam was kanJam was created in the 1980s by by by by by by by Charles Sciandra uh I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County Louth, you you you you you you you know you know so okay you know um Republic of Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and you you you you you you you know well so like you know well audiences, is the the the the the the the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' um um um um um um um so you know okay okay so series and was considered considered considered considered considered considered considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back so so so so so so so um okay like I mean so to to to to to to to several earlier blues songs and it has been suggested that that that that that that that uh uh okay uh well so Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th 15th okay um so like like okay Montgomery County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd okay so so so so so so so so you know like like outdoor game in franchise history history history history history history history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's the car's the car's the car's the car's car's car's car's car's car's car's the car's the car's name is a reference to the General well well well well well well well uh I mean well well I mean Robert E E E E E E E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag on on on on on on on like so okay so you know okay its roof, and also also also also also also also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the the the the the the the events I mean okay I mean uh um um um um um um um you know of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited revisited revisited revisited revisited revisited revisited in the like like I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 made a I mean uh you know so you know know know know know know know uh return to International Handball with four appearances for for for for for for for Australia at the okay um um so uh you know know know know know know know Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the last last last last last last last name Bartlett (2009) well uh well I mean I I I I I I I mean you know and the town has a pub, pub, pub, pub, pub, pub, pub, a general store and like like you know I I I I I I I mean uh so a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was uh so um um um um um um um I mean um uh elected in 1996 to Moore's Moore's Moore's Moore's Moore's Moore's Moore's former seat and still you know well um so so so so so so so okay uh serves in the chamber, called Moore' one of of of of of of of the giants I mean um well well well I I I I I I I mean of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the at the at the at the at at at at at at at the at the at the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, well you know you know so okay so but but but but but but but after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins so you know know know know know know know uh well um okay the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased increased increased increased increased increased increased to around well uh um well you you you you you you you know well 2, 000 individuals, with a majority majority majority majority majority majority majority of um um you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with their you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know know know so nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to according to according to according to according to to to to to to to according to according to Oswald, he met with with with with with with with four more Soviet officials like well uh um you know know know know know know know I mean that same day, who asked if he he he he he he he wanted to return you know like I mean so so so so so so so uh um to the United States; he insisted to them so so so so so so so uh you know like uh like that he wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean so okay US set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not not not not not not not like okay well like I mean uh serve the city city city city city city city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues blues blues blues blues blues blues so okay well so okay okay scene in London, then then then then then then then traveled on to Sweden as a um um um um um um um well I mean you know um so solo performer, and and and and and and and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh so in Tehran in 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing with so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, it covered, it covered, it covered, it covered, covered, covered, covered, covered, covered, covered, it covered, it covered, along the boulevards des des des des des des des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the uh you know um you know know know know know know know um well Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her death, John Say married secondly as her her her her her her her um like uh uh you know like third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the the the the the the the '9th so uh okay okay well you know U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in favor like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh of excluding the pledge; quoted members members members members members members members said they found the so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well 'under God' portion of the the the the the the the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season season season season season season season you know okay so well like like making a a a a a a a total of seven appearances in his first season you know like like like like like like like okay so so like as a professional, making his his his his his his his debut as a substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection of about about about about about about about 8, um um like um like well 500 concepts, concepts, concepts, concepts, concepts, concepts, concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General well well well well well well well like well okay you know okay Sir Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median income for a household in the city is is is is is is is $ um well like so uh I mean 29, 750, 750, 750, 750, 750, 750, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul and well so so um uh well David King after after after after after after after experiencing similar frustrations while working well okay um um um um um um um um so uh freelance; the brothers wanted a software that that that that that that that would let okay okay uh so I mean like them track track track track track track track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal light you you you you you you you know okay uh okay you know um for anoxygenic photosynthesis where where where where where where where half of the amount of like okay you know like like like like like like like you know um geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth McCarthy beth beth beth beth beth beth beth McCarthy beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller (born September okay you know um so so so so so so so okay okay 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the the the the the the the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the the the the the the the 'Exposition Universelle' okay well um like I mean so so so so so so so of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known as the Focal Point Media you you you you you you you know um like I mean like so Center, as as as as as as as part of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, Seattle, so like well so well so the center began began began began began began began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of of of of of of of raiders which well uh um okay uh um attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from from from from from from from the Confederate uh um okay like well um Army Army Army Army Army Army Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is pomade is pomade is pomade is is is is is is is pomade is pomade is pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing directing directing directing directing directing directing 'Secondhand well okay um so uh well Lions', and and and and and and and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! '.
Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward um like like like like like like like okay um so I mean from Worcester, Massachusetts, attended the the the the the the the University of Rhode Island and you know so so so so so so so so you know okay um Stutz played three seasons (1946 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1949) in the well like you know you know know know know know know know uh like Basketball Association of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three three three three three three three uh so okay well you know like ships were forced to to to to to to to stop in Los Angeles for repair okay so so so so so so so like uh I mean uh and on 13 April April April April April April April General MacArthur reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now the now the now the now the the the the the the the now the now the now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga Taiga Taiga Taiga Taiga Taiga Taiga so like you know okay like you know as as as as as as as bait to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which um uh you you you you you you you know um well like Snipe later released the Bugster Bugster Bugster Bugster Bugster Bugster Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line the line the line the line the line line line line line line line the line the line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via via via via via via via Todd so um I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am am am am am am am so like okay well uh uh quite knowledgeable in assisting in in in in in in in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U. S S S S S S S. With the I mean so like like you know know know know know know know you know purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 million in sales, Minnesota - um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like based Snyders Drug Store chain; in in in in in in in 2001, they purchased like uh like uh I mean um um um um um um um the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current the current the current the current the the the the the the the current the current the current Chief of Police is Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas E. Smith, um uh uh so I mean I mean who was was was was was was was sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John like like like like like like like okay like I mean okay so M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket so so so so so so so uh uh um uh so for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales Dales Dales Dales Dales Dales Dales you know like um um well uh in in in in in in in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of I I I I I I I mean um um like well I mean soldiers positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so Allner and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one one one one one one one kilometre, have um I mean you know you know know know know know know know okay okay a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck neck neck neck neck neck neck well you know like you know so so so so so so so um for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart heart heart heart heart heart heart uh like well so so okay with Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now with a a a a a a a um you know uh um you know um woman woman woman woman woman woman woman fifteen years younger than her with a baby on like like like like like like like um well like um so the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- so you you you you you you you know well well I mean well 1840), entered entered entered entered entered entered entered the employment of the king of Sweden you know um um um um um um um okay like uh uh as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean well like American American American American American American American film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' Yana' Yana' Yana' Yana' Yana' Yana' 'Yana Yana' 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is is is is is is is a famous you know I mean uh uh you you you you you you you know you know Arabic language song in Egyptian Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic by the Lebanese uh like uh okay okay okay pan-Arab pan-Arab pan-Arab pan-Arab pan-Arab pan-Arab pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in the the the the the the the projected okay okay like okay like um revenue from from from from from from from charitable gambling sources, from the previous um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know uh estimate of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 16 million, down to $ 1 okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis george Lewis george Lewis george Lewis george Lewis george george george george george george george Lewis george Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 so so well uh like um November 1886) was the the the the the the the first African - American like you know um you know like like like like like like like like to graduate from Harvard Law School in 1869, and and and and and and and okay well okay so you know uh the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and like I I I I I I I mean like well like I mean butcher him for stew meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, telling the rest of the like so uh like you you you you you you you know well family that they will not leave leave leave leave leave leave leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the school I I I I I I I mean like like um like well did not have have have have have have have a large budget and coach Erk okay so so so so so so so so I mean I mean I mean Russell ordered solid solid solid solid solid solid solid blue helmets and asked the players you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like well you know to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he studied at um um um um um um um well okay okay um like Oxford University in 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter's okay well um well like well legal problems and and and and and and and bad publicity, jockey Santos was okay like I mean okay you know know know know know know know like represented by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) 2001) playing career, you know um okay well okay you know know know know know know know he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short short short short short short short um uh um so I mean well - listed for the the the the the the the top job but applied okay um I mean you you you you you you you know like so after he received a phone call from from from from from from from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September in September in September in September September September September September September September in September in September in September 'Richmond' came to the the the the the the the assistance of the Turks I mean like like like like like like like like I mean you know you know and Caicos Islands when when when when when when when the region was struck by Hurricane Frances I mean uh so so so so so so so so like uh though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months four months four months four months four months months months months months months months four months four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by by by by by by by Colombian um um um okay so like authorities in in in in in in in Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped 150 like like like like like like like well you know so so okay kilograms of cocaine to the the the the the the the US in 1990, a uh like uh well well well well well well well so well crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean the Ocean the Ocean the Ocean the Ocean the Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean Ocean the Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded well like well well well well well well well you know you know well by the National Science Foundation (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), (NSF), will deliver data and data I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like so products for a 25 - - - - - - - year - plus time okay um like well uh um period period period period period period period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a a a a a a a restaurant um like so you know like um in in in in in in in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the I mean like like like like like like like okay uh um like first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work uh um um um um um um um well um uh like for a while, resulting in a a a a a a a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone well well well well well well well so well well okay okay in the southern states and and and and and and and then Cash began to well like so well well well well well well well okay like tour with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may may may may may may may be uh I mean okay uh um you you you you you you you know effectively required in order to work, which is why some some some some some some some well like I mean uh like okay people use the term term term term term term term common - interest association to describe I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um groups which form out out out out out out out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) 1944) 1944) 1944) 1944) 1944) 1944) is um okay you know well so I I I I I I I mean a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying studying studying studying studying studying studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November November November November November November November 2010 uh you know uh like okay so so so so so so so which outlined many new developments, including the impact of 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 um um okay uh uh okay post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( morality ( morality ( morality ( morality morality morality morality morality morality morality ( morality ( morality ( from the Latin Latin Latin Latin Latin Latin Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is like like like like like like like like um okay um uh the differentiation of intentions, decisions, decisions, decisions, decisions, decisions, decisions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon 'Pokémon Diamond' so well so I mean so um or or or or or or or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player has gained gained gained gained gained gained gained access like like you know uh okay well to the Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player has okay so so so so so so so so so like so fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition in addition in addition in addition in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition in addition in addition to his military service, due to the influence influence influence influence influence influence influence of I mean I mean I mean like uh um um um um um um um the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was a Member I I I I I I I mean uh uh so okay so of of of of of of of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British the British the British the British the British British British British British British British the British the British discovered Pau and its climate climate climate climate climate climate climate and left their imprint, um okay um so so well well well well well well well partly because Wellington left a garrison there in in in in in in in 1814 after you know you know well um um um um um um um I mean I mean defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some (some (some (some (some (some (some 40 km to um I mean well uh um um um um um um um uh the NW) on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led so like uh um um um um um um um okay um the 1984 team with six sacks and 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 tackles for so okay uh you know so I I I I I I I mean loss, and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role is defined in standard forms of contract such such such such such such such you know uh um so you know okay as those published published published published published published published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like I mean Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in in in in in in in her local homeport like uh you know um okay like like like like like like like operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March 1, 2007, he was released one well well well well well well well I mean you know okay uh I mean year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the end of of of of of of of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins can be traced back to the the the the the the the 17th century, you know well so like so like like like like like like like when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided divided divided divided divided divided divided well uh you know okay like I mean into three three three three three three three administrative districts, given by the scholar Johann you know know know know know know know so you know okay okay um Weikhard von Valvasor Valvasor Valvasor Valvasor Valvasor Valvasor Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to to to to to to to give like okay you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him him him him him him him so okay like well so like admission wishing to spare spare spare spare spare spare spare her the anguish she would you know you know know know know know know know um so uh like suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing after missing after missing after missing after missing after after after after after after after missing after missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, seasons, the Cavaliers well um you know I mean so so so so so so so so got off to a strong start winning their first first first first first first first four games on uh uh you know so you know you know their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while in the the the the the the the um well uh like well um water, bikini bikini bikini bikini bikini bikini bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh like well well sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established New England political interests feared the growth growth growth growth growth growth growth you know um you know I mean well so so so so so so so of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in okay um um um um um um um so I mean like you know Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed 'J 'J 'J 'J 'J 'J 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College is also one of the largest so you know know know know know know know like well so like providers of workforce training, adult adult adult adult adult adult adult literacy programs, and non-credit so I mean you know know know know know know know like um well classes in a four - county region region region region region region region and the uh you know I mean well like like like like like like like um only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino Sino Sino Sino Sino Sino Sino - Japanese you know so like well like I I I I I I I mean War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in in in in in in in like well um um um so North China and soon soon soon soon soon soon soon more than half the salt revenue well like like like like like like like um so uh you know was either not collected, collected, collected, collected, collected, collected, collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Oakland Athletics in like okay well well well uh 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 to win the World Series after losing well okay like like like like like like like you know well okay in the previous year, and the the the the the the the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Congress you know okay um I mean um I I I I I I I mean worker in the early Seventies and became General um um um um um um um um well I mean you know you know Secretary Secretary Secretary Secretary Secretary Secretary Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks um like uh um you know uh of the the the the the the the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, reception, reception, reception, reception, reception, reception, although the um so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all all all all all all all you know um well okay um I mean the the the the the the the power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the the the the the the the essential spirit okay um okay okay okay like of the the the the the the the plant being used: in all cases, they must okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well you know uh look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest protest protest protest protest protest protest so you know well I mean um well caused some embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because you know know know know know know know well okay you know you know so dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action you know know know know know know know so so uh um I mean and was also also also also also also also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment outside of of of of of of of Westminster politics I mean so you know well you know well well well well well well well when he lost office in 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the in the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' 'dirndl' 'dirndl' 'dirndl' 'dirndl' 'dirndl' 'dirndl' originally referred well you know so so so like to to to to to to to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94 um um um um um um um like um like you know like. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the victim before the punishment punishment punishment punishment punishment punishment punishment so uh so so okay well and to remain remain remain remain remain remain remain throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the fruit the the the the the the the fruit the fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' Tangerine' you know like you know uh well you know and and and and and and and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean so um U U U U U U U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in 1985, the study study study study study study study I mean so so you know I mean okay was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, painting, and uh I mean you know okay you you you you you you you know uh the abstracts spun a variety of responses: responses: responses: responses: responses: responses: responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland the Leyland the Leyland the Leyland the Leyland the the the the the the the Leyland the Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a a a a a a a well um um okay so I mean lightweight lightweight lightweight lightweight lightweight lightweight lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland um um um um um um um like well I mean okay like Motors between 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 and 1970, most as 44 um like like like like like like like like like so so -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he he he he he he he I mean you know well so like well well well well well well well was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, components, components, components, components, components, components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title the title the title the title the the the the the the the title the title the title track was also also also also also also also recorded in the I mean okay like like okay so so so so so so so sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was an uneasy calm built during the two years of I I I I I I I mean well okay so so I mean emergency but the discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent lead to a wave in like I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean so so favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and and and and and and and so I mean so I mean uh um most most most most most most most likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) well well well well well well well so I mean um well you know term that has has has has has has has fallen out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay civil rights advocate, scholar in the field field field field field field field of critical um I mean so um um like race race race race race race race theory, and a professor at UCLA School of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean so I mean Law Law Law Law Law Law Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston Aston joseph Aston joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was was was was was was was an well I mean like well like like like like like like like like English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the the the the the the the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management you you you you you you you know so uh okay um um had destroyed or or or or or or or atleast tried to hide the evidence uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay before the police arrived and and and and and and and they alleged that fellow students so uh like like like like like like like uh well okay were asked to wash spilled blood and other other other other other other other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay you know like a well well well well well well well known South African brand of rusks - a um uh you you you you you you you know like you know uh traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in but, in but, in but, in in in in in in in but, in but, in but, in a reversal of policy policy policy policy policy policy policy in 1877, General so okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Oliver O. Howard threatened to attack if the the the the the the the Indians like so so well well um did not not not not not not not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual vector of a plate's motion is a function function function function function function function uh so uh I mean well so of all all all all all all all the forces acting on the plate; however, therein remains you you you you you you you know so like so I mean okay the problem problem problem problem problem problem problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league well so so so so so so so uh you know uh like footballer who played in in in in in in in the 1950s, playing at you know um so um um um um um um um I mean well representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total atotal atotal atotal atotal atotal atotal of of of of of of of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um okay that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the the the the the the the 1760s I mean I mean I mean I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to uh you know know know know know know know okay you know um you know trap and cut off off off off off off off the column of armoured cars in the valley; well okay you you you you you you you know like um um over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs departs departs departs departs departs departs with the stepstool I mean okay I mean you you you you you you you know I mean I mean Tyrion was to use use use use use use use to cloak Sansa with the Lannister like you know know know know know know know um like I mean I mean colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior I I I I I I I mean well so uh uh like by the Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men men men men men men men I mean so uh so like uh in the the the the the the the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll I mean like like like like like like like you know okay so like in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) was was was was was was was I mean so so um um like an an an an an an an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat the Democrat the the the the the the the Democrat the Democrat the Democrat the Democrat the Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat King served as the well like uh like okay well well well well well well well first United States Representative from California's 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, Station, a like uh like uh like okay transport congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion congestion started forming in the station, and as like um um um um um um um um like I mean like a result bus stations started spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading towards the surrounding um okay uh um um well streets streets streets streets streets streets streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates it participates it participates it it it it it it it participates it participates it participates it participates in lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures and other projects with the um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman another Roman another Roman another Roman another Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman another Roman another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls calls calls calls calls calls calls Arbanasi in okay okay um well like okay 1685 a village village village village village village village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks like so so you know know know know know know know um like first in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House of of of of of of of well like you know okay so so Lords, Lord Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei also takes an interest in like you know you you you you you you you know I mean so like British Chinese community issues, issues, issues, issues, issues, issues, issues, particularly in social reform you know like well um um um um um um um like well and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly like like like like like like like so um uh you know um innovating the sport as as as as as as as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met met met met met met met Ambrosio so I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well you know twice, and the second time he told him that that that that that that that um you know so um you know I mean he he he he he he he had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: at 06: at 06: at 06: 06: 06: 06: 06: 06: 06: at 06: at 06: at 06: 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on you know know know know know know know um uh I mean I mean so the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are usually bus services such as the I I I I I I I mean um like you know uh well Kopaja buses buses buses buses buses buses buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which which which which which which which you know okay okay um you know you know know know know know know know is the longest bus rapid transit system in the the the the the the the world, like okay um like I mean you know boasting boasting boasting boasting boasting boasting boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a deep well well well well well well well well uh like uh I mean interest in social social social social social social social justice and a gifted linguist from an uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean uh um early age, age, age, age, age, age, age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin, and um you know uh you know um you know know know know know know know he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely localized okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay I mean okay to small cytoplasmic cytoplasmic cytoplasmic cytoplasmic cytoplasmic cytoplasmic cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket and the uh like like like like like like like uh um well like nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a a a a a a a coiled -- coiled you know uh well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have they have they have they have they have they they they they they they they have they have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town the Town the Town the Town the Town Town Town Town Town Town Town the Town the Town of Tchula is served by the the the the the the the Holmes so so so okay okay like County School School School School School School School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 in in in in in in in okay you know you know okay so I mean Pirituba Pirituba Pirituba Pirituba Pirituba Pirituba Pirituba principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from a a a a a a a you know uh well like um like heart attack attack attack attack attack attack attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County so you you you you you you you know like okay uh okay was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation the operation the operation the operation operation operation operation operation operation operation the operation the operation the operation failed to achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve its objectives by the end so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know of 25 June and the 49th Division continued continued continued continued continued continued continued the you know uh so you know you know know know know know know know well attack southwards until 1 July, when the division division division division division division division saw off like like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block away okay um um um um um um um so you know um like reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, Württemberg, the only well so you know I mean you you you you you you you know okay child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; Watts; Watts; Watts; Watts; Watts; Watts; his um okay well okay you know um um um um um um um mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and and and and and and and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining up and and and and and and and uh like I mean okay uh you know passing under under under under under under under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running down well you know know know know know know know well uh well well Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some some some some some some some Egyptologists so well you know like okay um such such such such such such such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 book Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology Chronology uh uh um you know um um of the Egyptian Pharaohs Pharaohs Pharaohs Pharaohs Pharaohs Pharaohs Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland Deland Deland Deland Deland Deland Deland pierre Deland pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Pierre Deland, you know well um like you you you you you you you know uh violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Antoine Antoine Antoine Antoine Antoine Antoine Deland uh uh um like uh uh was from Luxemburg, originally originally originally originally originally originally originally har dresser of the queen, and um I mean you you you you you you you know okay uh um his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling like you you you you you you you know uh I mean so so unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says the only wealth in this this this this this this this world is children, I mean um like I I I I I I I mean so so and, caring for his children's children's children's children's children's children's children's welfare, permits I mean you know like I mean well well well well well well well like Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of of of of of of of Tollywood, um you know well like okay uh he is is is is is is is one of the most popular and influential okay I mean well well well well well well well um you know I mean actors of of of of of of of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood you know know know know know know know okay well well uh like Hero Award for the prom prom prom prom prom prom prom as well as the Bob like well okay you you you you you you you know well I mean Speltzer Community Service Award by by by by by by by the Q Center for uh um okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh his work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Hero Award well you know I mean uh like like like like like like like so in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by aided by aided by aided by aided by aided aided aided aided aided aided aided by aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of so so so so so so so well like I mean like like dropping Logan into molten molten molten molten molten molten molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, you know know know know know know know uh you know okay okay like used pigeon Island Island Island Island Island Island Island as his base, he forged an well well like I mean well well well well well well well so agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is is is is is is is uh uh like you know uh okay a Swedish politician who who who who who who who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between like like like like like like like like I mean like like I mean Tia, her daughters, (Tania (Tania (Tania (Tania (Tania (Tania (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh so um Kanani and Keli'i ) all all all all all all all four who help run the center I mean like like I I I I I I I mean okay like. , and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and ,and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy so so uh I mean I mean like losses losses losses losses losses losses losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo well so well like like like like like like like so okay eventually fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine the Marine the Marine the Marine the the the the the the the Marine the Marine the Marine Corps will lead an an an an an an an investigation into the incident, like you know uh like like like like like like like okay um which will include salvaging the fuselages of the the the the the the the okay okay so uh uh uh two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb beneath you know so like uh um well Jake's porch, leading leading leading leading leading leading leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know so so two two two two two two two decades, and Henry was subject to long imprisonment well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay uh by Hugh; but after Henry's son son son son son son son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album the album the album the album album album album album album album the album the album the album features the lead lead lead lead lead lead lead single 'Hollywood's like well you know I mean um um um um um um um um Not America, 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during like like like like like like like um uh um okay uh the seventh season of of of of of of of the American reality series' American I mean so like well well well well well well well uh I mean Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that you you you you you you you know uh well uh you know well in itself does does does does does does does not prove that Bess was in service at so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um you know Bradgate and it remains remains remains remains remains remains remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of of of of of of of her parents' I mean okay uh like so like like like like like like like death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know um American high school basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball player, and in 2015 was featured well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well as one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will be given uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um uh you know you know as 5 5 5 5 5 5 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to I I I I I I I mean like you know well well well service the the the the the the the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources you you you you you you you know like well you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive extensive internal I mean so well you know like like like like like like like like reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; almost almost almost almost almost almost almost all uh like you know you know like um the original original original original original original original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February like like like like like like like I mean okay you know so well 1931 the the the the the the the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh so so festivals occur annually annually annually annually annually annually annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped like like like like like like like I mean like uh well okay to the reserves, missing missing missing missing missing missing missing out on an appearance in um you know like well well well well well well well so like the final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the the the the the the the okay um okay you know I mean I I I I I I I mean king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas did like um okay well well you know not ask ask ask ask ask ask ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great great great great great great great scientists and you know uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay researchers that Crowley worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a cat cat cat cat cat cat cat so uh you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mask, which is the only part of her visible visible visible visible visible visible visible okay um well um I mean um when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are are are are are are are uh so you know you know so you know highly highly highly highly highly highly highly efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in in in in in in in love with um I mean you know um so so so so so so so um each other again and after an argument, Arnav Arnav Arnav Arnav Arnav Arnav Arnav decides well okay I mean so well you know know know know know know know to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy a a a a a a a I mean um um well um well multiple of of of of of of of sectors regardless of the file's actual size uh um um um um um um um so okay um so files that do not fill a a a a a a a whole sector will uh well so uh like like like like like like like so have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met he met he met he met he met he he he he he he he met he met his wife in Dalian and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh um uh his girlfriend was was was was was was was a student of the Hong Kong Institute so um um um um um um um okay I mean you know okay of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein that the the the the the the the you know so okay um you know like artisans artisans artisans artisans artisans artisans artisans say is chemically unique but at current rates of of of of of of of so uh uh you know you know uh exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is is is is is is is also I mean uh um well well like an an an an an an an overall champion titled the All - Around Cowboy, all all all all all all all okay uh you know well you know so eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in in in in in in in the Kalush so like like you know so well District of of of of of of of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like so Hungarian Empire, in present present present present present present present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, well I mean I mean so so so so so so so I mean uh Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield Hatfield warehouse uh um so okay I mean uh during 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J. Mallerich j. Mallerich Mallerich Mallerich Mallerich Mallerich Mallerich Mallerich j. Mallerich j. Mallerich j. Mallerich j. Mallerich j. Mallerich uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay well well was apparently offered any remaining remaining remaining remaining remaining remaining remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý Holý Holý Holý Holý Holý Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý tomáš Holý (born 10 December December December December December December December 1991) is a professional Czech okay like so you you you you you you you know you know like football goalkeeper currently playing for for for for for for for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous voyages had been in search of um um um um um um um um like um uh so the mythical Strait of Anián and and and and and and and the Island of I mean uh like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh California, which according to a previously published published published published published published published romance novel in um well uh you know know know know know know know well well Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually kate eventually kate eventually kate eventually kate eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually kate eventually kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 I mean well um okay I mean uh hurricane hurricane hurricane hurricane hurricane hurricane hurricane on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the age of 100, he was one one one one one one one of the oldest well well I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know so Fraser (born 15 December December December December December December December 1983), is a New Zealand musician um so um um um um um um um okay um okay best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball um you know like um like well well well well well well well team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al tarek tarek tarek tarek tarek tarek tarek Al tarek Al tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is is is is is is is a you know um so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from originating from originating from originating from originating from from from from from from from originating from originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won won won won won won won some okay uh like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com you you you you you you you know I mean uh okay so okay and has earned earned earned earned earned earned earned distinctive spots on various site charts like okay like like like like like like like okay um so like mp3. Com, gained a profitable orbit orbit orbit orbit orbit orbit orbit on mp3. Com and was like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um um nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian Maya okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean so like society can be inferred inferred inferred inferred inferred inferred inferred only from their elaborate burial so so uh uh so um sMaya sMaya sMaya sMaya sMaya sMaya sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became became became became became became became okay uh well like you know I mean its its its its its its its first honorary president and, upon his death, was was was was was was was succeeded by the you know you know uh so so so so so so so I mean you know Prince Arthur, the Duke of of of of of of of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an you know know know know know know know uh so well um uh American rock musician from from from from from from from Detroit that is most popular so so uh okay like um um um um um um um for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis basis basis basis basis basis basis of the okay so you know uh you know you you you you you you you know E class, supplied by Neilson and and and and and and and Company in 1904, and in I mean well well well well well well well well uh like so the same year the Central Central Central Central Central Central Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the the the the the the the cupboard to so uh so I mean well well well well well well well um see if Fanny's hat was there, but the the the the the the the door closed okay I mean uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a a a a a a a you know I mean you know you know like I mean PK PK PK PK PK PK PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and um um um um um um um like I mean okay you know like is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate um um um um um um um like so okay um um with Tulasnellaceae, while while while while while while while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April April April April April April April well uh um well okay so 1795 -- 24 November November November November November November November 1857) was a so okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so British general who is particularly associated with India like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean well and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart I I I I I I I mean uh you know like well so for one one one one one one one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the whole tour tour tour tour tour tour tour um so like I mean um like in Australia will approximately earn earn earn earn earn earn earn $ 56 million, like well well like um uh though, though, though, though, though, though, though, with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two these two these two these two these two these these these these these these these two these two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, roads, roads, roads, roads, roads, roads, so well like I mean so um and in 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um so was signed into law, creating creating creating creating creating creating creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean okay was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in you you you you you you you know you know okay like okay so southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich came herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich herpich came herpich came herpich came up with the idea to to to to to to to replace uh okay I mean like uh I I I I I I I mean Ward with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, furthermore, Herpich okay like um uh uh you know crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound like so you know know know know know know know so okay um so it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi rabbi rabbi rabbi rabbi rabbi rabbi Jose rabbi Jose rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by by by by by by by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created created created created created created created in um okay so you know uh you know 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London London London London London London London and does um I mean you know you know know know know know know know well like not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, Quo, you know um so so okay I mean which was released released released released released released released as a single in 1972 (reaching number like um I I I I I I I mean like like like 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh well you know Bay Area. By 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 2030 San Ramon will have so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so okay 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made jill made jill made jill made jill made made made made made made made jill made jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped scalloped scalloped scalloped scalloped scalloped scalloped carrot and potato, well so okay well um so so so so so so so Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor, flavor, the um so so uh so you know know know know know know know gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species selection selection selection selection selection selection selection is uh well okay um I mean so S S S S S S S. J. Gould who has proposed the view that there you you you you you you you know um you know well you know um exist macroevolutionary processes processes processes processes processes processes processes which shape evolution beyond the level well okay you you you you you you you know well like like of species and are not not not not not not not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for um um um um um um um like I mean you know well so two years years years years years years years Thrace was in the hands of Halil like you know know know know know know know so um well like Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at the Silver Silver Silver Silver Silver Silver Silver well okay uh so like well Tassie Hotel, Hotel, Hotel, Hotel, Hotel, Hotel, Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his um well well well well well well well you know you know okay well wife had agreed to an an an an an an an amicable separation and uh so so well like uh that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of of of of of of of the you know uh okay well okay well archipelago, archipelago, archipelago, archipelago, archipelago, archipelago, archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North the North the North the North the the the the the the the North the North the North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many many many many many many many other of the um like well okay well like like like like like like like pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case Case Case Case Case Case Case uh like um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know like so so decade playing supporting roles in in in in in in in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first the first the first the first first first first first first first the first the first the first documented use of the the the the the the the term is within a so you know well well well well well well well well you know I mean song featuring producer producer producer producer producer producer producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which a like I I I I I I I mean um okay uh I mean sample was taken taken taken taken taken taken taken from a much older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of of of of of of of AlPO 4 uh uh okay okay like so so so so so so so and have framework structures with microporous cavities and and and and and and and the so well you know well uh uh frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll threatened them as they came, one by by by by by by by one; like well like you know well um the two two two two two two two older ran off, but the youngest set out, out, out, out, out, out, out, okay um I mean so um so having asked for food, food, food, food, food, food, food, and when the troll threatened him, well uh you you you you you you you know like okay well he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf okay so so so so so so so um you know um uh (d. 450?) and Hildeburh in in in in in in in the Old English well like like okay like okay poems 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' 'Beowulf' and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may um well well well well well well well well you know like you know be a mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is niobe is is is is is is is niobe is niobe is a fictional character from from from from from from from the 'Matrix' film series, portrayed uh okay so you know know know know know know know okay I mean by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon like like like like like like like so like I mean I mean I mean from June June June June June June June 8, 2013 to July 17, okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well like 2014. The season the season the season the the the the the the the season the season the season the season introduces, Jennette Jennette Jennette Jennette Jennette Jennette Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana um I mean um you know know know know know know know um so Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style style style style style style style and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 the the the the the the the like well uh uh okay well scenario of such an an an an an an an alliance seemed plausible to you know well uh so so so so so so so you know well the British public; only four four four four four four four years later, Britain and France okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like you know were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister the Simister the Simister the Simister the the the the the the the Simister the Simister the Simister Village Community Association formed formed formed formed formed formed formed in 2000 is in the um um well okay you you you you you you you know you know process of developing a 10 acre acre acre acre acre acre acre wetland site uh so you know you know um um um um um um um you know having already installed stone paths at a cost cost cost cost cost cost cost of um so you know so um okay £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first offshore wind farm was installed in in in in in in in okay like so okay um you know Denmark in 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and I I I I I I I mean like uh uh uh you know financier, financier, financier, financier, financier, financier, financier, he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, Investcorp, a you know like I mean I mean you know so private private private private private private private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award award award award award award award - winning um uh I mean so um well well well well well well well filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 professional so like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north well well well well well well well well okay okay okay I mean of of of of of of of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar I I I I I I I mean I mean so like well so is is is is is is is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an an an an an an an example well I mean um I mean well uh being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it as it as it as it as as as as as as as it as it as it was designed to be a a a a a a a summer retreat I mean so okay uh uh so so so so so so so for the aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; lake; lake; lake; lake; lake; lake; the villa I mean so you know I mean so so so so so so so so was named after an elm planted in the the the the the the the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Co Co Co Co Co Co Co. Takara Co. Takara Co. Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a a a a a a a Japanese toy you know okay okay uh so um company company company company company company company founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent prominent okay um so like well um Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor actor actor actor actor actor actor / DJ I mean so okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and is the only child of a French mother you you you you you you you know okay I mean um I mean you know and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the 1967 I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean uh well well well well well well well Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the lead lead lead lead lead lead lead so okay so I mean uh um character is not not not not not not not am ambitious feminist but is a woman I mean um um um um um um um like you know uh you know based in the the the the the the the home but a sensitive woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions and art events were uh like like like like like like like well like I mean well held in the space space space space space space space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the match Taylor reacted angrily when well okay um um um um um um um like okay you know van Barneveld attempted to pull him back back back back back back back to congratulate uh you know like like well well well well well well well well him after their handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was a devout Anglican in the the the the the the the high church tradition I mean so okay like okay well well well well well well well and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the I I I I I I I mean well um well so like restoration of his local local local local local local local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his from his from his from his from from from from from from from his from his from his father he had inherited a a a a a a a war against okay so so well you know you know the the the the the the the Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in um um um um um um um um so like like well the east, and negotiations of of of of of of of peace had just begun with um I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their their their their their their their you know um so okay you know okay Underwater Underwater Underwater Underwater Underwater Underwater Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting putting putting putting putting putting putting a um uh I mean like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is the reason why Manx is no longer a a a a a a a so you know well um okay um part of the FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to to to to to to to a heart like I mean uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean illness and can only be deciphered to be athlete's like like like like like like like like so well um you know heart through careful examination examination examination examination examination examination examination by a health care practioner um uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so which will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian all Australian all Australian all Australian states require that firearms must must must must must must must be locked um okay I mean um well okay in in in in in in in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and well like like like like like like like well you know so okay bolt if readily removed) removed) removed) removed) removed) removed) removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I Am Number so so so so so so so okay okay well okay um 8' and parallels a a a a a a a look at King David's life okay so uh well well well well well well well like I mean with his own focusing and revealing that that that that that that that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP LLP LLP LLP LLP LLP LLP and um okay so you know okay like Roberts Roberts Roberts Roberts Roberts Roberts Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent agent agent agent agent agent agent you know uh you know so I mean so and Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring after retiring after retiring after retiring after after after after after after after retiring after retiring after retiring as a player, Richards went into into into into into into into uh um you know um well like local government government government government government government government in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse adoghouse adoghouse adoghouse adoghouse adoghouse adoghouse (chiefly (chiefly (chiefly (chiefly (chiefly (chiefly (chiefly in American English) or a kennel is uh you you you you you you you know like well uh I mean a small shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, often built in the shape of a a a a a a a uh you know okay you know uh well little house, house, house, house, house, house, house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing further further further further further further further so so okay well you know well well well well well well well education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it as it as it as it it it it it it it as it as it as it is updated manually manually manually manually manually manually manually it does not reflect the okay so I mean like like like like like like like um I mean current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 well like okay so so uh season for the Newark Bears. He He He He He He He hit. 279 with 3 you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in in in in in in in Abbeyknockmoy, um well I mean okay I mean uh County Galway, Galway, Galway, Galway, Galway, Galway, Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean so the island and as of of of of of of of 2004, the State of uh uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Florida was offering a site in the the the the the the the Island Gardens like uh uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay project on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field um um um um um um um like okay um so uh. The 61st the 61st the the the the the the the 61st the 61st the 61st the 61st the 61st transitioned transitioned transitioned transitioned transitioned transitioned transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star um well uh um um um um um um um like okay and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho UMinho so um well I mean uh um in the the the the the the the opening round but their domestic campaign ended with um so so so so so so so well um okay uh a 5th place finish and and and and and and and therefore the team missed well like um well so so so so so so so I mean out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only food food food food food food food so I mean you know so well like he he he he he he he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which which which which which which which includes the Amoy so um well okay I mean um dialect dialect dialect dialect dialect dialect dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is an an an an an an an well um okay okay you know um attractive female (believing (believing (believing (believing (believing (believing (believing that statutory rape is not a crime so okay um um um um um um um I mean like so if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), woman), woman), woman), woman), woman), woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving moving moving moving moving moving moving I mean so okay okay um like to england In In In In In In In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak edyta Górniak edyta Górniak edyta Górniak edyta edyta edyta edyta edyta edyta edyta Górniak edyta Górniak edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, 1972, 1972, 1972, 1972, 1972, 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is well okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's the committee's the committee's the committee's the the the the the the the committee's the committee's the committee's investigations made national national national national national national national news headlines several times, so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well the first in mid- 1935, as the the the the the the the committee launched you know well well so well well well well well well well um a major probe into utility companies funding opposition to to to to to to to like well like so okay um the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the University you know know know know know know know um okay like um um of Deusto, and completed completed completed completed completed completed completed follow - up studies at the um so um um um um um um um I mean so you know École Pratique des Hautes Études Études Études Études Études Études Études in Paris and the I mean okay uh like like like like like like like um I mean 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Wilhelm you know uh like I mean I mean like like like like like like like II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact that that that that that that that uh like uh so uh well Taglioni scandalously shortened her her her her her her her skirts for La Sylphide to well I mean like you you you you you you you know like okay show off her feet, began the the the the the the the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew he grew he grew he grew he he he he he he he grew he grew he grew up on Martha's Martha's Martha's Martha's Martha's Martha's Martha's Vineyard and worked in okay like like so okay well well well well well well well the Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and and and and and and and you know okay you know like uh uh as an an an an an an an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh like you know well cars appeared in in in in in in in the opening scenes of the 2008 you know like like like like like like like so okay you know you know James Bond film film film film film film film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car um you know know know know know know know I mean well I mean you know chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August August August August August August August you know um I mean so um um 1929) was a a a a a a a career solider who commanded the First Battalion I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like um okay I mean of the King's African African African African African African African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played a major role in the Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Captain Marvel series uh I mean um you know so so so so so so so okay until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so you know takes place place place place place place place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in you know know know know know know know well I mean so so uh Melbourne, in the the the the the the the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like so so 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - so so so so so so so you know uh you know I mean like volume volume volume volume volume volume volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was sidonie was was was was was was was sidonie was sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred abhorred abhorred abhorred abhorred abhorred abhorred violence I mean well okay okay so okay and and and and and and and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns that though he joined the firm firm firm firm firm firm firm later, I mean you know like okay okay so so so so so so so Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā ʿĒtā I mean I mean um you know I mean uh ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions of um um um um um um um I mean you know you know okay like the the the the the the the Church of the East, one of you know well I I I I I I I mean so um so the oldest Christian churches whose origins origins origins origins origins origins origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest rest rest rest rest rest rest of the I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who who who who who who who moved to I mean like uh uh well you you you you you you you know Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, in 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, 1895, in 1895, in 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from from from from from from from um you know okay like well I mean Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in I mean you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh you know the the the the the the the First Sino - Japanese War to made you know know know know know know know like so okay so um China discontinue the influence on on on on on on on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the 19th um um um um um um um like um I mean uh like century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly popularly popularly popularly popularly popularly popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) in Nepal, you know like well well well well well well well well like okay is a rare rare rare rare rare rare rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 328 328 328 328 328 328 performances like you know well um I mean well well well well well well well and won five Tony Awards, and the musical you you you you you you you know uh so I mean okay like has been been been been been been been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the uh well well well well well well well so uh like uh state of Andhra Pradesh, it is is is is is is is located on the okay like so uh you know know know know know know know you know banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains he maintains he maintains he maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains he maintains he maintains he maintains close contact with the the the the the the the Belgian revisionist organisation uh um like okay okay I mean Vrij Historisch Historisch Historisch Historisch Historisch Historisch Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from okay okay so well I I I I I I I mean uh prison he was from 1997 state chairman of of of of of of of well uh okay like like um the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first historical reference to the castle occurs in in in in in in in 1191, when I mean okay uh okay uh um um um um um um um King Richard I of England captured it on his way you you you you you you you know so you know well uh well to the Third Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty thirty thirty thirty thirty thirty thirty - you know okay well um okay you know know know know know know know third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are are are are are are are attacked so um uh like so so by the the the the the the the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat um um um um um um um so so I mean you know you you you you you you you know them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame 'Flame 'Flame 'Flame 'Flame 'Flame 'Flame Ministries' okay so um well uh um CFC launched Ablaze Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications as a subsidiary of the organization you know uh uh so so so so so so so okay you know involved in production of of of of of of of audio - visual presentations and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and um um um um um um um I mean uh uh uh so 273, by Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so well of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium you you you you you you you know okay like uh like you know was high, high, high, high, high, high, high, but as the toxic effects of you know you know know know know know know know okay okay okay uh cadmium became apparent, industrial limits on on on on on on on cadmium exposure have been um uh like well like um reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced reduced in most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, presented, presented, presented, presented, presented, presented, uh so uh okay okay um which required teams teams teams teams teams teams teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track the track the track the track the track track track track track track track the track the track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like like so the home to to to to to to to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station this station this station this station station station station station station station this station this station this station also houses a large large large large large large large Emergency Tender ( Call Sign: 'NO4' uh well well well well well well well you know um okay okay ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers sixth formers sixth formers sixth formers formers formers formers formers formers formers sixth formers sixth formers sixth formers do not have have have have have have have to wear uniform, okay um so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay although there is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart 'Smart okay so well um well uh Fridays' were were were were were were were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold um um um um um um um so okay like you know you know a Master's Master's Master's Master's Master's Master's Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding uh well well well well well well well uh you know like so Bachelor's degrees making up up up up up up up the remainder; all newly credentialed so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice mr Justice mr Justice mr Justice mr Justice Justice Justice Justice Justice Justice Justice mr Justice mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the number of um um um um um um um um so so you know like boat houses marked on on on on on on on old maps, including two on you know well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the Arborfield estate, one of which still still still still still still still exists, you know like um okay um well one near near near near near near near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by by by by by by by a conventional engine uh so okay well okay like like like like like like like and propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; airship; airship; airship; airship; airship; airship; the rolled so so well uh like like like like like like like I mean seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently unrolled owing well so you know okay uh well well well well well well well to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used well well well well well well well um I mean so I mean I mean for for for for for for for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution well well well well well well well well well you know well um is to use a a a a a a a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know light bulb; both provide provide provide provide provide provide provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as well so so so so so so so so uh well you know a free agent agent agent agent agent agent agent with the New York Rangers on July well uh I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know 13, 1999, replacing replacing replacing replacing replacing replacing replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the the the the the the the Jews I mean I mean well you know well you know know know know know know know declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi the Delhi the Delhi the Delhi the Delhi Delhi Delhi Delhi Delhi Delhi Delhi the Delhi the Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened opened opened opened opened opened opened uh so so uh well like in 1891, 1891, 1891, 1891, 1891, 1891, 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred well you you you you you you you know like um so I mean to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion judicial discretion judicial discretion judicial discretion judicial discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion judicial discretion judicial discretion remains in determining the limits limits limits limits limits limits limits of testimony as well well so like uh well well, well, well, well, well, well, well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was some initial evidence that statin therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy might okay you know well well um well reduce vasospasm, vasospasm, vasospasm, vasospasm, vasospasm, vasospasm, vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis including okay like well so so so so so so so so um three further trials did not demonstrate evidence for for for for for for for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is he is he is he is he he he he he he he is he is he is the former Minister of Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade Trade and Industry you know I mean well uh well well well well well well well well for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, uh like you know well you know so Alexander could be be be be be be be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana gana gana gana gana gana gana (goblin well so so you know well okay attendants of of of of of of of Shiva); one of the attendants -- placed you you you you you you you know uh um uh um um to the left left left left left left left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a like so well like like like like like like like like you know large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the the the the the the the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz the Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hop group formed in you know okay I I I I I I I mean um uh like 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and and and and and and and Mareko and who you know uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number anumber anumber anumber anumber anumber anumber of forts forts forts forts forts forts forts were built for the defence like you know like like so so so so so so so um of the city just prior to the Second Boer War, War, War, War, War, War, War, though okay you know so I mean you know know know know know know know uh some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly commonly commonly commonly commonly commonly commonly um you know I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well referred as Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 26 so I mean I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back you know well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean uh in the Cabinet Cabinet Cabinet Cabinet Cabinet Cabinet Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM you know know know know know know know well I mean um I mean I mean that Luke is is is is is is is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply simply simply simply simply simply simply okay um like well well I mean describes the order order order order order order order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin vitamin well okay like like well I mean C are being being being being being being being evaluated for their possible use in um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean cancer, but clinical results have have have have have have have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the the the the the the the University of I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know uh uh British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is daniel is daniel is daniel is is is is is is is daniel is daniel is daniel is mortally wounded, but before he he he he he he he dies, he you know I mean you know um okay um um um um um um um gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his his his his his his his uh uh um um well uh presidency, all to United United United United United United United States district courts; he did um I mean you know know know know know know know okay like so not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from uh you you you you you you you know uh so I mean I mean the album) was was was was was was was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in in in in in in in Division um okay okay so like um I. UTSA will will will will will will will join the Western Athletic Conference on uh I mean you know know know know know know know like um uh July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean of citizenship and in May 1802 1802 1802 1802 1802 1802 1802 in Vienna Scots Church um like well like um um um um um um um um he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know look at our brothers as aliens, aliens, aliens, aliens, aliens, aliens, aliens, men with um you know uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh whom we share a city, but not a a a a a a a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February in February in February in February in February February February February February February February in February in February 2013 a party of of of of of of of armed men claiming to I mean well you know you know know know know know know know um I mean have been sent by the Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan Sultan of Sulu landed in um um I mean you know know know know know know know um um Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, police, police, police, police, police, police, at well so well uh like um least 68 68 68 68 68 68 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team um you know know know know know know know um so you know uh in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he is he is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, Rivera, so um like you know um well a former mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed like um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land land land land land land land like um like you know okay so on the old old old old old old old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams medical exams medical exams medical exams medical exams exams exams exams exams exams exams medical exams medical exams and doctor testimony was presented presented presented presented presented presented presented in court to I mean you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so dispute the theory and in the special features features features features features features features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of of of of of of of okay you know like well well um Chicago in 1989, and and and and and and and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought hall fought hall fought hall fought hall hall hall hall hall hall hall fought hall fought hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly not always wisely, considering that um um like I I I I I I I mean I mean so he had a young family to to to to to to to care for; but well well I mean uh you you you you you you you know um as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took I I I I I I I mean well well I mean uh okay part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's I mean you you you you you you you know um um I mean so arguments and cited a range range range range range range range of sources supporting the doctrine you know so well you you you you you you you know okay like of the Real Presence, such as as as as as as as the Book of um um well like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the death sentence, sentence, sentence, sentence, sentence, sentence, sentence, which um well I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After After After After After After After you know I mean okay so well okay discovering that that that that that that that the demons are herbivores and eat half their uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well well well weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music music music music music music music that is performed well you know like uh I mean so so so so so so so in an operatic style, or a song, theme or or or or or or or like so I mean well like like motif motif motif motif motif motif motif from classical music stylized as pop. The term term term term term term term the term the term the term the term the term term term term term term term the term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues and you know well like okay so so body cavities cavities cavities cavities cavities cavities cavities where they are present, which depending on the the the the the the the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the the the the the the the former German you know okay well I mean you you you you you you you know uh colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging messaging messaging messaging messaging messaging messaging application okay I mean so okay like like like like like like like I mean for businesses that was founded in in in in in in in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is is is is is is is a British Labour so well okay okay so so so so so so so uh Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open Open Open Open Open Open Open I mean I mean um um I mean so Data Data Data Data Data Data Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February February February February February February February um like okay um so I mean 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across like well well well well well well well you know okay um I mean Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months months months months months months months earlier well okay okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey - well well well well well well well well like like uh well all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination well well well well well well well so uh I mean you know I mean by by by by by by by association can also take a case even if they I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean so okay do not fall into into into into into into into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or or or or or or or prohibiting I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, sale, sale, sale, sale, sale, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is he is he is he is is is is is is is he is he is he is quick to anger at the the the the the the the perception like like uh like um well of injustice, for for for for for for for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys well you know know know know know know know so you know uh I mean the retreating Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up up up up up up up with so well um you know um um Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that she's she's she's she's she's she's she's pregnant uh you know you know like I mean you you you you you you you know. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in in in in in in in the well uh um uh uh uh franchise, Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, like like like like like like like um um uh um like had served two terms as president president president president president president president from 1869 to um okay like well well um 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another okay you you you you you you you know uh like uh I mean well - known known known known known known known station in the area from 1925 until 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, 1991, um you know you know okay okay okay today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible irreversible you know I mean like okay so you know know know know know know know changes in two small areas of the rat brain, which, which, which, which, which, which, which, you know so I mean okay so I mean however, however, however, however, however, however, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % like like like like like like like I mean I mean well like okay bioavailability of phylloquinone, phylloquinone, phylloquinone, phylloquinone, phylloquinone, phylloquinone, phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so bioavailability to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins by specifying which animals are are are are are are are forbidden and which uh uh like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as one uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know uh you you you you you you you know of the most famous carp lakes in the country, country, country, country, country, country, country, so I mean so uh you know uh whilst the the the the the the the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work has been shown in many Los uh uh so so so so so so so um you know you know Angeles galleries and has has has has has has has been collected by among well so like um um um um um um um um well others Kevin Spacey and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known as as as as as as as okay like well okay okay well 'Blue Drum' for its its its its its its its dark and hint of blue color, like well well well well well well well well okay so um is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, murders, murders, murders, murders, murders, murders, and like well so well um uh three missing missing missing missing missing missing missing person reports in the state since I mean you know know know know know know know like I mean okay okay 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is a close friend of the poet Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Linda Gregg to so like okay um you know well whom whom whom whom whom whom whom he was married for six years, and was also also also also also also also married to like you know you know um um um um um um um um um Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based in San Francisco, um well well well well well well well um so I mean uh now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of you you you you you you you know okay okay like I mean well Fallot (TOF), that that that that that that that will require him to undergo like okay you know I I I I I I I mean like like at least three open heart surgeries in in in in in in in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and and and and and and and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 November 1979 you know okay um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well ) was a French criminal responsible for for for for for for for you know well okay you know um uh numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh like well um wear Smith's left - - - - - - - handed glove, this being the reason behind uh I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like well him raising his left left left left left left left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections sections sections sections sections sections sections of Highways I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um you know um 216 and 16 before bisecting the city city city city city city city of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) like like like like like like like okay I mean uh okay you know was the the the the the the the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal uh like like like like like like like uh so uh um scene, mostly known as the front front front front front front front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve members achieve members achieve members achieve members achieve members members members members members members members achieve members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Body Body Body Body Body Body Magic um okay um so okay so awards -- platinum is is is is is is is achieved when members I mean I mean well like like like like like like like um well are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without due care and attention or careless driving driving driving driving driving driving driving uh uh okay okay um like is a legal legal legal legal legal legal legal term for a particular I mean so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss well well well well well well well like I mean um you know so entrepreneur Denis Denis Denis Denis Denis Denis Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, uh you know well well well well well well well um like like design, performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class S State State State State State State State Championship' well okay um you know well I mean for for for for for for for the past 8 years, recently in the past two two two two two two two I mean you know uh like you know uh years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of two of two of two of two two two two two two two of two of two of the more famous converts converts converts converts converts converts converts included by Khulusi were: well uh uh you know so so so so so so so I mean the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, Winn, Winn, Winn, Winn, Winn, Winn, 5th um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known known known known known known known I mean so well okay I mean um by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss um um um um um um um okay you know you know okay you know of of of of of of of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, CEO, CEO, CEO, CEO, CEO, CEO, um okay well uh you know you know Jerry Jarrett Jarrett Jarrett Jarrett Jarrett Jarrett Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German the German the German the German the German German German German German German German the German the German tank guns had neither the range nor nor nor nor nor nor nor the well okay so um you know well power of of of of of of of the 76 mm main gun of a KV - well well well well well well well so okay you know I mean like 1, and the the the the the the the narrower track width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a as a as a as a as as as as as as as a as a as a biologic, etanercept is subject to to to to to to to okay like so so like uh different laws than chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical formulations, and currently the so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic metabolic metabolic metabolic metabolic metabolic metabolic okay you know okay you know so I mean changes seen during during during during during during during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von von von von von von von Bojna (December 13, 1856 -- okay you know well well well well well well well I mean I mean um May 23, 1920) was was was was was was was an Austro - Hungarian field uh I mean well well well well well well well so like okay marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such such such such such such such I mean uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know okay as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so okay uh reason, those with with with with with with with experience in the field make uh you know uh so so so so so so so uh uh detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company Company Company Company Company Company Company B so uh uh okay um well (Long Island Island Island Island Island Island Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well um um an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early early early early early early early October and okay you know you know I I I I I I I mean well uh peace between Poland and Sweden could be be be be be be be established like um you know well um um in November 1705, 1705, 1705, 1705, 1705, 1705, 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he he he he he he he keeps uh I mean like you know okay well well well well well well well his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself lest you know so so so so so so so like so okay I mean he meet a similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly similarly unfortunate accident; in return for his silence I mean well well well well well well well uh I mean um I mean Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note this note this note this note this this this this this this this note this note this note will appear beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath the article's entry on you know okay okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at at at at at at at Chalmers well um well so okay uh Institute of Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph like like like like like like like so like um like I mean. D. At the the the the the the the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently well well well well well well well I mean uh so uh um there has has has has has has has been a push towards other types uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay okay of capture molecules which which which which which which which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had had had had had had had 42 I mean so well well so well players players players players players players players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) okay um um um um um um um well um um so while the women's basketball team team team team team team team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died nina died nina died nina died nina died nina nina nina nina nina nina nina died nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis ketosis (assuming I mean okay okay I mean so um no no no no no no no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her her her her her her her so okay well uh uh so novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like well okay get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay uh the 15th (Scottish) Division, Division, Division, Division, Division, Division, Division, and despite navigation mistakes like okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know which slowed down the 159th Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry Infantry brigade so okay well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and and and and and and and Phil Wigger well okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, entry, entry, entry, entry, entry, entry, 'I'm Never Giving well um well um okay uh it it it it it it it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - year uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like I mean you know - - - - - - - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, questioning, but both I mean um like I mean you you you you you you you know okay times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With With With With With With With Your so uh okay okay I mean you know know know know know know know Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, Ayọ, Ayọ, Ayọ, Ayọ, Ayọ, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a a a a a a a 3 uh like well like you know um um um um um um um. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well you know I mean 2012, a a a a a a a 3. 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA 94 ERA in 2013, a a a a a a a 3. 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same words you know know know know know know know um like I mean okay okay into the phone, which which which which which which which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the after the after the after the after the the the the the the the after the after the revelation, Mother Love would would would would would would would counsel the two sides; like like well I mean like like like like like like like so if the guest had received an 'empty door,' door,' door,' door,' door,' door,' door,' okay well okay like like um a taped response from the the the the the the the second person was aired, like so well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; strength; strength; strength; strength; strength; strength; endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself itself itself itself itself itself itself in um okay well um okay okay the uterus uterus uterus uterus uterus uterus uterus can cause entanglement with the cord. A well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean okay hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled travelled to Europe, uh so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or Youth okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know uh like for Change and and and and and and and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay okay among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive positive positive positive positive positive positive behavior change so you know I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the the the the the the the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s were a mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed time for Napoli, they were well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so relegated in 1961, but finished runners - - - - - - - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos and and and and and and and um um you know okay um um Cabo Valdivia use use use use use use use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very very very very very very very um like so well so like low skyline; with the the the the the the the advent of the skyscraper, residents uh I I I I I I I mean you know uh like okay were concerned that that that that that that that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but but but but but but but I mean like um you know so okay was later later later later later later later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have so so so so so so so you know okay well you know I mean been with with with with with with with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in in in in in in in well uh you know you know okay so Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th century, well um like so um I mean there there there there there there there were opportunities for female education in the medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval Islamic well you know um like so like world, writing that that that that that that that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 in 1864 in 1864 in 1864 in 1864 1864 1864 1864 1864 1864 1864 in 1864 in 1864 Rice settled in in in in in in in Little Rock, Arkansas and so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well resumned his practice; he was active active active active active active active in organizing the Republican like um I mean you know know know know know know know okay okay Party in the state, and was appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed appointed the chair of so I mean okay um uh so a a a a a a a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season break of 'Agents 'Agents 'Agents 'Agents 'Agents 'Agents 'Agents um so okay you know uh well of S S S S S S S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined a property development business with a role role role role role role role as a so well um so okay I mean commentator commentator commentator commentator commentator commentator commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV then on on on on on on on well I mean I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then moving moving moving moving moving moving moving with the you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know okay well TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications out, and no way to reach the well well well well well well well well you know uh uh okay Moon without T - - - - - - - mat, those responsible for the okay I mean you you you you you you you know you know like okay system turn to Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately uh uh so um um um um um um um you know okay building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 to um like um okay um well 2012 and and and and and and and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January in January in January in January in in in in in in in January in January in January 1914, the French Army had had had had had had had 47 divisions, like um like I mean uh you you you you you you you know composed of 777, 000 French troops and and and and and and and 47, 000 okay I mean well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay colonial troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know you know like and is is is is is is is a part of Palm Beach County um um um um um um um uh so uh well uh School District, and the the the the the the the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know well United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) honors) honors) honors) honors) honors) honors) okay uh you know uh um uh and there there there there there there there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , like like like like like like like uh uh like like uh 936 F. 2d 692 692 692 692 692 692 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract I mean um well I I I I I I I mean like you know case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing causing causing causing causing causing causing um like um you know like uh them to continue continue continue continue continue continue continue running in Abe's direction and they will like like like like like like like like like uh you know you know only calm down down down down down down down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then reveals himself to be the last of the the the the the the the race of I mean I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came power came power came power came power came came came came came came came power came power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor carburetor carburetor carburetor carburetor carburetor carburetor and 1. 8 so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so 8so I mean well well I mean like - - - - - - - litre and 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline engines; engines; engines; engines; engines; engines; engines; so like like okay um so a 2. 0 - - - - - - - litre diesel followed from 1992 onwards, a well well well well well well well okay you know you know I mean well 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. 6 - 6- 6- 6- 6- 6- 6- litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I 'I Lost 'I Lost 'I Lost My Heart to a a a a a a a Starship Trooper', well so well you know well like sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', Trooper', okay so I mean like okay I mean is the the the the the the the first single by Hot Gossip, notable uh um um um um um um um um well you know so as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 on 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 on 18 on 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded discarded discarded discarded discarded discarded discarded in like okay um okay I mean I I I I I I I mean a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of of of of of of of Twycross: a distance well so you know you know well well well well well well well well of from where she had been abducted, and and and and and and and just uh okay well you know um you know 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club club club club club club club I mean well well like I mean you know Nottingham Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of of of of of of of um um like um well well Dimes, and the March March March March March March March of Dimes provides grants of $ you know uh well well well well well well well so um you know 1, 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is is is is is is is okay you know okay okay um uh under ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of of of of of of of like uh okay uh I mean okay 'anti-Japanese activities' activities' activities' activities' activities' activities' activities' after a clandestine radio was found in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um I mean you know the camp, and and and and and and and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, a a a a a a a uh okay like you know uh so science and and and and and and and technology college, has now closed and is due to well well well well well well well um um you know you know um be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived she survived she survived she survived she she she she she she she survived she survived she survived the war and continued continued continued continued continued continued continued in service with um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) ) ) ) ) ) ) are ethnic Assyrian like like so so uh so adherents adherents adherents adherents adherents adherents adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most of whom converted to to to to to to to well um so so okay um catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh well uh 1899) was the favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who like um like like I I I I I I I mean uh left him $ 5 million, and the eldest eldest eldest eldest eldest eldest eldest you know uh okay okay okay okay son of of of of of of of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular muscular muscular muscular muscular muscular muscular movements uh I mean so okay like uh that that that that that that that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that okay so like like like like like like like uh um uh reserves had moved close to the front, front, front, front, front, front, front, ready to exploit so well okay like like okay a breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough and had advanced on time, then bunched like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay up with the the the the the the the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in so so so so so so so well you know you know uh like the 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice you know well well well well well well well you know you know um so to renew renew renew renew renew renew renew public interest in the band; given that you know know know know know know know I mean um um like you know they're pulling pulling pulling pulling pulling pulling pulling out all the stops, they deserve all uh like like like like like like like I mean well so uh the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know like well tower tower tower tower tower tower tower and a team led by Zelenka works to repair um um um um um um um okay uh okay like well the hyperdrive conduits to make make make make make make make them functional before I mean um like you know know know know know know know okay so the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to to to to to to to so well uh like you know so purchase, or finance finance finance finance finance finance finance a property, with the buyer / you know you you you you you you you know well well you know I mean investor using using using using using using using as little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at at at at at at at South I mean uh okay okay you know so so so so so so so Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards like um um um um um um um okay I mean well okay (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last last last last last last last season well um I mean you know uh well well well well well well well for the Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of of of of of of of the Izmir you know okay well okay uh like like like like like like like Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October October October October October October October 2016, I mean uh like um okay so where where where where where where where he stands accused of being a member of the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh okay you know Gülen movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 the port had an overall traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic of 88 like so so okay I I I I I I I mean I mean million tons, it is located located located located located located located in two main sites, in you know like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know uh northern Marseille from La Joliette Joliette Joliette Joliette Joliette Joliette Joliette to l'Estaque and so you know I mean well you you you you you you you know you know in Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which which which which which which which offered so you know like um well um direct direct direct direct direct direct direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons I I I I I I I mean I mean so well um uh into into into into into into into combat, although the most popular choice is a storm bolter well well well well well well well um I mean I mean so well and a a a a a a a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out out out out out out out of so uh um so okay so Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Lucas High School over his inability to dissect a a a a a a a I mean okay I mean um I mean okay frog, frog, frog, frog, frog, frog, frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is is is is is is is an English you know um okay you know well like football football football football football football football manager who was also a player, notably at um like like like like like like like like so so well Derby County where he played played played played played played played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion (Lion (Lion (Lion (Lion (Lion (Lion sigiriya (Lion sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - - - - - - - gee - REE well I mean like like like like like like like like um I mean - yah) is located in the central central central central central central central Matale District of so well like I mean you know uh the the the the the the the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area so so so so so so so like well well like like dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are found mainly in the northern Indian states well well well well well well well uh you know um well you know of of of of of of of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a within a within a within a a a a a a a within a within a within a year of Callaghan taking taking taking taking taking taking taking office, the narrow okay okay okay like okay uh Labour majority majority majority majority majority majority majority was eliminated due to by so like uh like like like like like like like like I mean - election defeats and in order to remain remain remain remain remain remain remain in power, okay like you know okay um so so so so so so so Labour formed the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of of of of of of of okay uh uh uh well uh the 'Institute of of of of of of of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so so uh County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release of the petition, he was able to to to to to to to escape from uh well you know uh um okay Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran Iran to the United States, where he currently okay you know know know know know know know well okay well uh travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat the seat the seat the seat seat seat seat seat seat seat the seat the seat the seat and the position were were were were were were were eventually filled on uh so you know okay okay like like like like like like like August 19, 2013 after the House began its its its its its its its second well you know um so you know know know know know know know I mean ordinary session: so - and - so replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced Ferrer you know so uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so for representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Del Favero, you know um like um uh uh Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through well well well well well well well like okay like uh um the iCinema Centre for Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive Cinema Research at The University okay okay well like like like like like like like okay you know of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre language, which which which which which which which uh I mean well I mean um you know know know know know know know is spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father his father his father his father father father father father father father his father his father his father did well for for for for for for for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad Railroad like um like you know you know you you you you you you you know to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val I I I I I I I mean so so um uh you know d'Or, Quebec ) ) ) ) ) ) ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who plays plays plays plays plays plays plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in in in in in in in Australia well I mean I mean like so uh and and and and and and and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not uh you you you you you you you know well uh well uh contain any information about the the the the the the the person to whom it okay I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean is assigned i. E. No information such such such such such such such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran like like like like like like like uh you know you know okay um alongside regular regular regular regular regular regular regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family derived its name from the settlement well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean you know Eszterháza near near near near near near near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement um um um um um um um like so um I mean well does not not not not not not not exist anymore and is not to be okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know confused with the the the the the the the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about about about about about about about the um you know uh uh like so so so so so so so operation and agrees with Ty to get the fuse fuse fuse fuse fuse fuse fuse you know like uh I mean um um Mike removed from from from from from from from the engine but is caught trying to so so so so so so so okay okay like you know um put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses like like like like like like like you know I mean well like uh a wide wide wide wide wide wide wide range of secular Jewish music, classical uh well you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean works on Jewish themes and and and and and and and songs of many countries I mean so I mean um um um um um um um you know uh but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during during during during during during during her um um um um okay um 11th grade, her father father father father father father father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark dark dark dark dark dark dark side (much I mean like um like so you you you you you you you know to the worry of Leo) and relish in their their their their their their their well like uh you know I mean okay new new new new new new new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock warlock warlock warlock warlock warlock warlock and you know you know um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean demonic priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 1943 signed a so so I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS you you you you you you you know um um like okay well disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor of of of of of of of well you know okay I mean so like Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) around around around around around around around well well well okay like uh the campfire one night, night, night, night, night, night, night, which causes Claire (Julie Bowen) I mean you know well well well well well well well uh you know well to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's viv's parents viv's parents viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila (Laila (Laila (Laila (Laila (Laila (Laila Morse) and Stuart Mullins, okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um a one - night stand; she is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought up okay like like like uh I mean by by by by by by by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke was was was was was was was etobicoke was etobicoke was etobicoke was a former federal electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral district represented uh I mean so well well well in in in in in in in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um so nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied the Allied the Allied the Allied Allied Allied Allied Allied Allied Allied the Allied the Allied the Allied victory turned the tide tide tide tide tide tide tide in the North I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well well you know African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying occupying occupying occupying occupying occupying occupying Egypt, taking so well um so um okay control control control control control control control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film starts in a room full of bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb uh like you know um you know okay making material and and and and and and and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was he was he was born in Newport Street, Street, Street, Street, Street, Street, Street, Long Acre, Westminster, so so well I mean um well the the the the the the the third son of John Horne, a poulterer like you know know know know know know know uh um uh okay in Newport Market, whose business business business business business business business the youth, when at so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 he served as his his his his his his his father's construction so well well well I mean okay manager for for for for for for for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects for um you you you you you you you know well well um uh which he helped develop develop develop develop develop develop develop the distinctive concrete textile - like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is located adjacent to the the the the the the the grounds of the so so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean Pro Football Hall of Fame and hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts the annual Pro so so like like like like like like like like uh you know Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums albums albums albums albums albums albums of original so like like I mean you know know know know know know know you know material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, um um um um um um um I mean so well uh okay and in March 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, Hill, zion's Hill, zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's Hell's like okay I mean well so well Gate, is the the the the the the the first town one reaches on the Caribbean um well well well well well well well I mean so uh okay island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University oxford University oxford University oxford University oxford University University University University University University University oxford University oxford University then made 319 all out out out out out out out in their second okay so like okay so I I I I I I I mean - innings, setting the Minor Counties a target of of of of of of of I mean okay you know so well well 362, 362, 362, 362, 362, 362, 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean okay so 131 all all all all all all all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that that that that that that that you know um you know you know like so so so so so so so an actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Wrestling appeared on so you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left like like like like like like like um well I mean like you know his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 that um um um um um um um so I mean uh I mean I mean they they they they they they they believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution had I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh well so not proven that Till had had had had had had had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, his father, his father, his father, his his his his his his his father, his father, his father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, Islam, was a so so um like uh um um um um um um um sub-judge in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year year year year year year year I mean uh uh okay you know you know from from from from from from from December 26 to January 5, and is a so um so so so so so so so well like you know major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges from 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 like like like you know okay well to 40 days days days days days days days and the litter size can vary between 3 to I I I I I I I mean you know well so well okay 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the the the the the the the the well I mean um uh um um Vancouver SkyTrain -- -- -- -- -- -- -- an intermediate - rail, automated guided line I mean um um um um um um um well uh well I mean -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was also the second single from that album, album, album, album, album, album, album, released um you know okay okay uh like in in in in in in in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with a a a a a a a I mean so well so well like completely new version version version version version version version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is is is is is is is so I mean I mean like um well an abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the the the the the the the like so uh uh I mean you know two works are are are are are are are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben well okay so okay so okay Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Rouge, Louisiana, the so so uh so well so grandson of of of of of of of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 COPE like like so okay uh like MPs had defected defected defected defected defected defected defected to other parties due to internal conflict, like well well well well well well well like well well well including the only COPE member in the the the the the the the KwaZulu - well um well I mean so well Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, Biafra, well you know well uh um uh Alain Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, I mean like like like like like like like so uh you know uh the band has also also also also also also also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean been preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would would would would would would would clearly like I mean like you know I mean uh greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is is is is is is is a like like so you know you know know know know know know know uh statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated donated donated donated donated donated donated by you know like like I mean uh you you you you you you you know Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, Whelan, Whelan, Whelan, Whelan, Whelan, Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical okay um um um um um um um so like I mean you know aspects of Nicaraguan Nicaraguan Nicaraguan Nicaraguan Nicaraguan Nicaraguan Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and economic factors factors factors factors factors factors factors uh well so okay um like contributing to health, working working working working working working working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking a a a a a a a like you know um like so okay foramen, 'T. Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story the story the story the story the the the the the the the story the story the story starts in medias medias medias medias medias medias medias res, as Van uh like I mean like you you you you you you you know um Helsing is jumping into action through a a a a a a a window, showing a woman um um like like uh um um um um um um um is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant Ascendant was like like uh well you you you you you you you know I mean the only known surviving XMC cruiser cruiser cruiser cruiser cruiser cruiser cruiser though a large I mean um like you know I I I I I I I mean so number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's school's school's school's school's school's school's revolt well um uh well okay well against Ptolemaic astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian Martian Martian Martian Martian Martian Martian so well so you know you know okay allows allows allows allows allows allows allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such such such such such such such as um like well uh so well the the the the the the the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer who played played played played played played played like so I mean I mean um um in in in in in in in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean okay representative level for England, and at at at at at at at club level for Leeds, um you know like you you you you you you you know so so as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre carver Theatre carver Theatre carver Theatre carver carver carver carver carver carver carver Theatre carver Theatre carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, Columbia, Columbia, Columbia, Columbia, Columbia, Columbia, South Carolina that was so um uh like you know know know know know know know you know listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for for for for for for for the um uh so you know um so army approaching approaching approaching approaching approaching approaching approaching despite rain in the north, the family longs uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation since annexation since annexation since annexation since annexation since since since since since since since annexation since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received dahlen received received received received received received received dahlen received dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest highest highest highest highest highest highest total of okay I mean I mean you you you you you you you know well you know anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she um I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean I mean will be be be be be be be released later than Tim Vrågård even though the um you know know know know know know know so uh so so sentences might not change as her sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence sentence does you know uh well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second the second the second the second the second the the the the the the the second the second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, unharmed, as the Blight um I mean you know so like well well well well well well well assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms forms forms forms forms forms forms um I mean um you know well well -- when when when when when when when indeed we do have it -- like I mean I I I I I I I mean um so well is of a higher order than knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge of the you know okay like okay so I mean mere mere mere mere mere mere mere physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction faction faction faction faction faction faction uh well I mean you know um uh of the Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi Kato, so so so so so so so so so okay I mean um the man he succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the at the at the at the at at at at at at at the at the at the end of three years of of of of of of of construction the you know um um you know like like like like like like like so new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor um um um um um um um you know I mean like um um um um um um um um district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph okay well well you know um you know know know know know know know B. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 after uh okay like I mean you know you know know know know know know know achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education Education Education Education Education Education Education okay you know uh you know well like at Forest Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Boys Secondary School and took up a you know I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean um I mean position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist udai indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist indologist udai indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr dr dr dr dr dr dr okay okay I mean uh well um. U. N. Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, settled and spent his life uh um like well well well well well well well um I mean here carring out researches in in in in in in in ancient history. His historical work like you know um um um um um um um like um uh on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, Art, Philosophy and Literature) so you know so well um so so so so so so so and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, in Britain, in Britain, in Britain, in in in in in in in Britain, in Britain, in Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to to to to to to to as property presentation you know so uh I mean well well well well well well well well or property styling, the techniques have been televised televised televised televised televised televised televised by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former college college college college college college college uh you know I mean well like you you you you you you you know campus are on the National Register of Historic Historic Historic Historic Historic Historic Historic okay I mean I mean you know you know you know know know know know know know Places and are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering you you you you you you you know okay like I mean well well ( Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The so I mean um um um um um um um so um well Whiz Kids' ), builders of the famous famous famous famous famous famous famous consecutive (1953 - I mean well so like like like like like like like like like 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay well um Australia, located approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman hanuman Dada hanuman Dada hanuman Dada mandir is is is is is is is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's the band's the band's the band's the the the the the the the band's the band's the band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released released released released released released released in I mean like um like um uh 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, 2008, was the second - highest - selling you know um um um um um um um um I mean okay well album of that year, and their biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest chart hit since you know um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De zhu De zhu De zhu De zhu De De De De De De De zhu De zhu De became the commander of the the the the the the the Eighth Route Army you know okay okay like I I I I I I I mean like active in Shanxi and was named the the the the the the the vice-commander of the um uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM broadcast band is also used by some okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like like um inexpensive wireless microphones sold as as as as as as as toys for karaoke or similar um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well purposes, allowing the user to use an an an an an an an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of of of of of of of Sergipe, so well you know so well you know Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh uh uh and is an in demand demand demand demand demand demand demand harmonica and piano you know I mean you you you you you you you know well I mean I mean teacher in NYC. Yvonnick is is is is is is is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting acting acting acting acting acting acting at the Juilliard okay um uh uh like like like like like like like well School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before relocating relocating relocating relocating relocating relocating relocating to uh like like like um uh Los Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, Angeles, California to further pursue her career; during well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean I mean this this this this this this this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta Floresta was you know uh well um I mean you know know know know know know know appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan well well well well well well well so well you know um uh Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this game, you know know know know know know know um uh you know you know I mean and and and and and and and with the scores 1 - 0 he wrongly sent sent sent sent sent sent sent off like uh so um um I mean Paul Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh like uh well in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time time time time time time time of its closure um okay well uh well well well well well well well okay will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until until until until until until until you know so um uh I mean okay the last last last last last last last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport ercan Airport ercan Airport ercan Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport ercan Airport ercan Airport ercan Airport currently has a a a a a a a 2. 5 kilometre - long like um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like landing field and an apron with a capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity I mean you know well so like so so so so so so so of seven aircraft, and, although the runway is is is is is is is long enough like so you know you you you you you you you know uh you know for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, gene, gene, gene, gene, gene, gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', Letters', Letters', Letters', Letters', Letters', Letters', where he uh I mean you know okay you know know know know know know know okay develops a crush on Garnet before he was turned turned turned turned turned turned turned um I mean like I mean um you know down, down, down, down, down, down, down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where well like like like like like like like you know uh well well he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living in America, they were contacted by I I I I I I I mean so um okay uh uh Ner Yisrael Yeshivah Yeshivah Yeshivah Yeshivah Yeshivah Yeshivah Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean and his family being sent sent sent sent sent sent sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the operating so so so so so so so you know well okay uh like system for for for for for for for malloc and other software with its own versions versions versions versions versions versions versions uh like you know like uh okay which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like uh like computer scientist, a professor professor professor professor professor professor professor of computer science at the University you know uh you you you you you you you know okay okay okay of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues leagues leagues leagues leagues leagues leagues of Argentine so so so um well um football in 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, he played for four different clubs okay uh um um um um um um um I mean well uh in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of of of of of of of equivalences uh um so like so so that make a paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh like like you know at two two two two two two two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / lakewood / lakewood / lakewood lakewood lakewood lakewood lakewood lakewood lakewood / lakewood / lakewood / lakewood / Fort McPherson is a a a a a a a station in the you know like like like okay you you you you you you you know MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which which which which which which which is slated to okay okay I mean um um um um um um um okay um be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was leweck was leweck was leweck was was was was was was was leweck was leweck was leweck was close to retiring from from from from from from from football after being I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well diagnosed with a serious fault with with with with with with with a heart valve, so well um uh so so so so so so so um which cost him a chance to to to to to to to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or or or or or or or difuntas) um um okay I mean well you know and there there there there there there there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog dog dog dog dog dog dog - toothed like like like like um um snake snake snake snake snake snake snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - you know like like like like like like like I mean like so so 2 locomotive of the the the the the the the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh I mean so and is coal - - - - - - - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture bordeaux bordeaux bordeaux bordeaux bordeaux bordeaux bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture bordeaux mixture is a a a a a a a combination of copper sulfate and you know so well well well well well well well well okay so hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of of of of of of of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr will Kerr will will will will will will will Kerr will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an an an an an an an uh well uh okay I mean so American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Picture' so I mean you know well um I mean was was was was was was was made, but the only member of the band featured featured featured featured featured featured featured okay you know okay well um um was Amos since by by by by by by by then, unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released the photo book Dream & Drive made with with with with with with with so you know you know um like okay their their their their their their their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who I mean well well well well well well well um you know um okay has also directed some some some some some some some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff Cliff you know I mean okay okay well uh Thorburn Thorburn Thorburn Thorburn Thorburn Thorburn Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the final um um um um um um um I mean you know you know okay like was was was was was was was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at you know so so so so so so so so so you know okay the 2012 Summer Olympics in in in in in in in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the the the the the the the captives, okay well like so I mean uh which which which which which which which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during which Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros Tewodros well uh I mean uh uh well committed committed committed committed committed committed committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan movement began for the independence of okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh uh India, the Indian National Congress was supported supported supported supported supported supported supported by you know uh okay you know um well well well well well well well many Muslim scholars, leaders and the learned who were so so so so so so so like like I mean um um devotees of of of of of of of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) (IGNCA) (IGNCA) (IGNCA) (IGNCA) (IGNCA) (IGNCA) I mean um um okay so well (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier government so so so so so so so um I mean you know well well funded arts organization in India, India, India, India, India, India, India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful successful successful successful successful successful successful LMP students you know uh so like like okay to earn earn earn earn earn earn earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree. Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor uh well uh uh uh so U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular within within within within within within within the um uh well um uh well squad and and and and and and and soon receive a call - up to the Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese well I mean uh well well okay under - - - - - - - 20 team's squad in July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 I I I I I I I mean like uh I mean I mean like In In In In In In In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland you know know know know know know know I mean uh okay uh I mean moved on on on on on on on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his well okay um um um um um um um you know you know well coaching career as a a a a a a a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts these converts these converts these converts these converts these these these these these these these converts these converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know well so and came came came came came came came to live in the New World where you you you you you you you know uh like well I mean um they intermarried intermarried intermarried intermarried intermarried intermarried intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts chris hosts chris hosts chris hosts chris hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts chris hosts chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy well I mean so like um uh show at Lowdown Lowdown Lowdown Lowdown Lowdown Lowdown Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, uh so so so so so so so so well I mean you know he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of of of of of of of um like um um like uh horizontal layers, but the the the the the the the strata has been tilted you know so well well well well well well well well I mean well associated with the formation of Artillery Mountains, and and and and and and and millennia um you know um okay you know you you you you you you you know of erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not not not not not not not only goes to so uh um like um so the fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, but later on that night kisses and eventually makes makes makes makes makes makes makes okay I mean you know you know I mean uh love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was so so so so so so so I mean okay you know um you know first settled settled settled settled settled settled settled when the train station was settled around well you you you you you you you know okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, okay like like like like like like like okay like you know I mean in Agrigento (Sicily), (Sicily), (Sicily), (Sicily), (Sicily), (Sicily), (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is is is is is is is so uh um like so like a good day day day day day day day to die ') is illustrated with a story I I I I I I I mean uh well uh so uh explaining that' This This This This This This This is an extremely common Klingon locution, well well like uh well well well well well well well um often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 1987 1987 1987 1987 1987 1987 well well I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from from from from from from from um um uh like um so the University of Chicago in in in in in in in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on like like like like like like like okay um so so so which David was born and and and and and and and holds a deed is now okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay home to a strategic military base, and if if if if if if if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 to 2013 the district included I mean you know know know know know know know like you know uh I mean the heavily African - - - - - - - American part of Columbus, I mean uh so like I I I I I I I mean you know as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to um um um um um um um like well um I mean uh decide a course of of of of of of of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield uh uh um um um um um um um like um you know host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay okay uh USAID, USDA, the World Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, Bank, UNDP, the um okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's who's who's who's who's who's who's out I mean well well you know you know know know know know know know I mean to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler Skyler Skyler Skyler Skyler Skyler Skyler suffers I mean uh you know um like you know a a a a a a a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh uh um of Marie (Betsy Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 well okay you know well I mean you know know know know know know know October 1974 in London), is the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton the Carlton the Carlton the Carlton the Carlton Carlton Carlton Carlton Carlton Carlton Carlton the Carlton the Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is is is is is is is an elevated you know um well so like um pedestrian walkway in in in in in in in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the Music Center so so so so so so so I mean so well well uh at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , , , , , , , like like okay so so um a Berkshire Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real estate you know like like like like like like like like you know um you know offices and more than than than than than than than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup agroup of 'garimpeiros' (gold (gold (gold (gold (gold (gold (gold miners) killed approximately 16 you know um okay um you you you you you you you know well Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is most famous for being a compound in in in in in in in the um okay okay you know you know I I I I I I I mean spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied he studied he studied he studied he he he he he he he studied he studied he studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner Hutner Hutner Hutner Hutner Hutner Hutner as good friends um well I mean I I I I I I I mean so so in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at at at at at at at an intersection you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two these two these two these two these two these two two two two two two two these two units were later merged and reformed okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um you know well Livgrenadjärregementet in 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh there is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David so so so so so so so uh I mean like you know so Kennedy of Box Box Box Box Box Box Box Car Racer, as well as drummer like um um um um um um um um like so um Atom Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn Sinn Sinn Sinn Sinn Sinn Sinn to form Angels & you know um like you know know know know know know know you know uh Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a a a a a a a like so um well uh uh newly restored '60th '60th '60th '60th '60th '60th '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this holiday film so I I I I I I I mean well well I mean uh with 'White Christmas' as as as as as as as part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from American American American American American American American University's well like okay uh you know okay School of of of of of of of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she received like like like like like like like I mean so like you know I mean her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new Computer Science building at the University of of of of of of of Oslo so uh I mean I mean so like is named Ole Ole Ole Ole Ole Ole Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh well well of of of of of of of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent of of of of of of of so I mean I mean you know okay okay France for for for for for for for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance his performance his performance his performance his his his his his his his performance his performance his performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the the the the the the the attention of director David like I mean okay uh um um um um um um um well Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 well well well well well well well okay well you know well you know thriller 'Gone Girl', Girl', Girl', Girl', Girl', Girl', Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - well so so so so so so so so uh I mean uh Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had had had had had had had been in the you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay factory for 15 years, yet in the the the the the the the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de de de de de de de Jong you know like like okay um well and his his his his his his his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last the last the last the last the last the the the the the the the last the last of the nation's 54 reactors went went went went went went went you know like uh uh like you know offline on May May May May May May May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect architect architect architect architect architect architect Thomas Fuller, well I mean well well like like like like like like like like who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and then then then then then then then okay like well um uh uh Canada where he he he he he he he would go on to design the Langevin like uh you you you you you you you know like you know okay Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea the idea the idea the idea the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea the idea the idea came after Pasha and his team at at at at at at at his like uh like I mean like okay performance media company company company company company company company Socialist were being approached by small business okay I I I I I I I mean um I mean so okay community members members members members members members members and were unable to help, well so well well well well well well well well I mean okay as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast many fast many fast many fast many many many many many many many fast many fast many fast food outlets do do do do do do do not make shakes by hand um you know um like like like like like like like I mean okay with ice cream; instead, they make shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes in automatic milkshake machines so so like uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay which freeze and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American like like like like like like like like uh so you know you know football coach coach coach coach coach coach coach and former player who is the offensive line coach coach coach coach coach coach coach uh well like um I mean well for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 A10 A10 A10 A10 A10 A10 okay like you know like um like in assists in in in in in in in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 July okay okay like I mean uh uh 1916, and and and and and and and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) 1989) is a like um you know okay you know I I I I I I I mean Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays plays plays plays plays plays plays well okay okay so okay uh for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the city of of of of of of of Liverpool so so uh like well well and covers covers covers covers covers covers covers the northeast of the city, including Croxteth, Gillmoss, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well um Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so so well a deputy in the the the the the the the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field field field field field field field so well you know well uh uh test agency of of of of of of of the Air Force Special Operations Command um um like I I I I I I I mean you know you know located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through through through through through through through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost okay well well well well well well well like okay so so in Scotland by only only only only only only only half a mile, the distillery has well uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer producer producer producer producer producer producer / engineer um okay you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park had had had had had had had uh you know so like well you know know know know know know know some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied studied studied studied studied studied studied anthropology at you know okay well uh well okay the University University University University University University University of Iowa where he attended on an Army um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like I mean ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album the album the album the album album album album album album album the album the album the album was certified gold gold gold gold gold gold gold by the okay uh uh well okay so British Phonographic Industry (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like had sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four um um um um um um um like um so like like wall stones, stones, stones, stones, stones, stones, stones, two aligned along an east - westerly uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean you know I mean axis and the the the the the the the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a greater emphasis um um um um um um um okay um okay you know um on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / like like like like like like like well you know I mean you know okay romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic relationship in the past, but he did want to to to to to to to so well okay okay you know um marry her into into into into into into into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was developed in the USA circa circa circa circa circa circa circa 1935 and used well I mean like well well well well well well well I mean well as a substitute for Composition B in in in in in in in I mean uh like okay well okay large general purpose and and and and and and and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though I I I I I I I mean so so okay you know so this name has fallen out out out out out out out of favour, and some biologists feared I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so you know well that this this this this this this this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, you you you you you you you know so um I mean uh so a gold coin coin coin coin coin coin coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind farr Wind farr Wind farr Wind farr farr farr farr farr farr farr Wind farr Wind farr Wind Farm is located located located located located located located some 10 miles south of Inverness, so you know know know know know know know uh well well okay Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 wind turbines I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, on descent, on descent, on on on on on on on descent, on descent, on descent, on descent, the weather worsened worsened worsened worsened worsened worsened worsened quickly and Božić's and well so okay so so well well well well well well well Ang Phu were unable to return to Base Four Four Four Four Four Four Four before you know uh okay like okay I mean dark and and and and and and and were forced to spend the night in uh okay um like like like like like like like you know I mean a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest quest quest quest quest quest quest you know I mean well so you know you you you you you you you know for troops among loyal lords, and managed to get get get get get get get okay uh um you know you know well 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the the the the the the the I mean so um you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for for for for for for for well uh like uh I mean um the adjacent municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam okay um so like like like like like like like I mean so majority of the commercial establishment are are are are are are are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded you you you you you you you know well like um like uh right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but but but but but but but okay uh you know well you know like after crowned All All All All All All All - American Superior and Miss Wright State well you you you you you you you know well like well you know of OHIO out of of of of of of of high school, she achieved a scholarship uh um so so so so so so so you know uh um to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the is the is the is the the the the the the the is the is the is the title of a song song song song song song song by Canadian you know so like so you know I I I I I I I mean singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single released released released released released released released like well okay so okay I mean to country radio radio radio radio radio radio radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack and speed stats are good, and its well well well well well well well well I mean uh uh so special defense is is is is is is is above - average, making this a good uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh okay Normal - type type type type type type type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his um um um um um um um uh so I mean well um faction of the the the the the the the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential nominee nominee nominee nominee nominee nominee nominee you know like um like I mean well Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he you know know know know know know know okay so so um uh was more more more more more more more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story the story the story the story the story story story story story story story the story the story has been has received received received received received received received substantial media coverage; another okay well so okay well well well well well well well well paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't okay you know so you know you know like like like like like like like Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached russell approached russell approached russell approached russell approached russell russell russell russell russell russell russell approached russell approached director Frank Lloyd for for for for for for for help changing her image; um um um so you you you you you you you know so but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which I I I I I I I mean uh I mean um okay you know was was was was was was was judged a split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and okay well well well well well well well I mean okay okay I mean Paris he and Weigel accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted accepted an invitation from journalist and okay uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well author Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they they they they they they they um so uh like okay like settled in a a a a a a a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where where where where where where where like um uh um okay I mean lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the village has a history dating back I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know you know many hundreds of years it was greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly transformed in the 19th um okay well okay uh um century century century century century century century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park so so so so so so so so you know um like okay at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb and and and and and and and okay you know uh I mean well okay Karlovac, Karlovac, Karlovac, Karlovac, Karlovac, Karlovac, Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as the section is is is is is is is um okay I mean uh you know well situated situated situated situated situated situated situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, um um um um um um um okay um uh well well performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed Reed and occasionally fronting, well so uh uh well well well well well well well uh during which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing so well like like like like like like like so um you know process before the 2006 season, and and and and and and and the organizers were forced to well well um uh you you you you you you you know I mean modify the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages beverages beverages beverages beverages beverages beverages for the um uh I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 2006 festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 census and was I I I I I I I mean uh um you know um um drawn so as to balance balance balance balance balance balance balance registered Republicans and registered I mean um so so so so so so so okay you know I mean Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril J J J J J J J well you know well you know um so so so so so so so. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon um um um um um um um uh you know well so you know and Stoddard, Ford reprised reprised reprised reprised reprised reprised reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics start start start start start start start - okay well well um um so up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) well well well well well well well like like uh okay you know is a 2012 American American American American American American American horror film written and directed by um like um um um um um um um well well you know Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 'You Have 'You Have 'You Have 'You 'You 'You 'You 'You 'You 'You Have 'You Have 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive positive positive positive positive positive positive reviews uh okay okay okay well I mean from from from from from from from critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the I I I I I I I mean I mean you know um you know okay episode was was was was was was was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and and and and and and and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates graduates graduates graduates graduates graduates graduates traditionally, graduates traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are are are are are are are commissioned um so you know like so so as as as as as as as officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they like I mean like like like like like like like so so you know may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, in in in in in in in 1994, in 1994, in 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse Elyse Elyse Elyse Elyse Elyse Elyse G okay well um like like uh. Rogers (Linda (Linda (Linda (Linda (Linda (Linda (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage fuselage fuselage fuselage fuselage fuselage fuselage had I mean so like so so um elevators with with with with with with with a cut - out for rudder movement um um um um um um um um like so so you know and it had a tailskid undercarriage, undercarriage, undercarriage, undercarriage, undercarriage, undercarriage, undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels so so uh well like like like like like like like you know on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well so Bahru, Malaysia, and apart apart apart apart apart apart apart from the Senai International Airport, so I mean well like like like like like like like well uh it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a a a a a a a species of okay so so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 in 1940 1940 1940 1940 1940 1940 1940 in 1940 in 1940 WW2 brought an end to to to to to to to production as okay um um well okay well the factory factory factory factory factory factory factory was turned over to produce munitions and after I mean you you you you you you you know um um um so hotsilities had ceased there were were were were were were were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath Badrinath and well well well like like um kept kept kept kept kept kept kept a very low profile and, after many years, he okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well like so joined the Hindu Organization Organization Organization Organization Organization Organization Organization Shiv Sena and got very close to okay um well well well well well well well uh um okay Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the you you you you you you you know so uh like you know so traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking you know so like uh so like they are essentially the the the the the the the same: each noun (or adjective) you know you know know know know know know know like like well so is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter Chapter you you you you you you you know like so okay okay like 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean 1970) was the the the the the the the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became he became he became he became he he he he he he he became he became he became an architect and builder builder builder builder builder builder builder of places like like um I mean uh you know know know know know know know of public amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect respect respect respect respect respect respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta Roberta Roberta Roberta Roberta Roberta Roberta like uh so you know like uh Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team are um um um um um um um like like um uh I mean mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, each year, each year, each year, each year, year, year, year, year, year, year, each year, each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop The Violence so uh you know so I mean I I I I I I I mean campaign, which includes three weeks of drive drive drive drive drive drive drive - time interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw saw saw saw saw saw saw wide - you know like I mean so like you know know know know know know know scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk Smolensk Smolensk Smolensk Smolensk Smolensk Smolensk when the well uh well I mean I mean uh city city city city city city city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that you you you you you you you know like like um uh I mean Phil did not not not not not not not wipe the fingerprints off the items, I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like um well and Jay believes he will will will will will will will also be implicated, which he so you know know know know know know know well well I mean I mean is, as as as as as as as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - keith - keith - keith - keith - - - - - - - keith - keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher well I I I I I I I mean you know you know so so exports were recognized recognized recognized recognized recognized recognized recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like uh Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted like like like like like like like like um like I mean you know & Talented class, class, class, class, class, class, class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare rare rare rare rare rare rare species um um you know so you know uh of porpoise porpoise porpoise porpoise porpoise porpoise porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along along along along along along along with uh you know um I mean like you know know know know know know know bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief the Chief the Chief the Chief the Chief the the the the the the the Chief the Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Director, Sundarban uh like like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the the the the the the the park you know you know okay so uh you you you you you you you know at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government government government government government government government or going I mean so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence dependence dependence dependence dependence dependence dependence okay you know uh well uh uh on farming for for for for for for for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, uh um um um um um um um I mean so um uh and by this marriage she had had had had had had had one daughter, the like you know uh so so okay actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish parish parish parish parish parish parish in okay you know so you know like well New York York York York York York York City and was designated a landmark by you know know know know know know know like so uh I mean I mean the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he he he he he he he saw like like okay okay um um as too theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical theoretical and he was generally on bad terms with um um um um um um um I mean um so I mean okay Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half half half half half half half I mean uh you know um you know know know know know know know so of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those even those even those even those even even even even even even even those even those even those who could swim (which (which (which (which (which (which (which Lovell could not) became flustered you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the the the the the the the stink bomb I mean uh so uh I mean well that that that that that that that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback another drawback another drawback another drawback another another another another another another another drawback another drawback another drawback of soil nutrient tests is is is is is is is that they okay um uh um well well well well well well well uh do not take account of factors such as soil soil soil soil soil soil soil structure or uh um I mean I mean well um biological biological biological biological biological biological biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four after four after four after four after after after after after after after four after four after four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, 88, 88, 88, 88, 88, 88, Benfica well well I mean well you know uh proved proved proved proved proved proved proved ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams teams teams teams teams teams teams uh like okay well I mean like like like like like like like like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth European European European European European European European well like um uh uh you know Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to okay I I I I I I I mean okay like like you know have as as as as as as as much as one - third of you know well well well well well well well well well like you know the floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is glickenhaus is glickenhaus is glickenhaus is glickenhaus is is is is is is is glickenhaus is glickenhaus is also well known in automotive automotive automotive automotive automotive automotive automotive circles as an avid I mean you know um like like like like like like like like you know collector of former racing vehicles, and and and and and and and his coachbuilt Ferrari P4 so okay okay you know you you you you you you you know um / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a a a a a a a German basketball player so like um I mean so okay who plays plays plays plays plays plays plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and and and and and and and new okay well uh uh like uh Dakota pilots pilots pilots pilots pilots pilots pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on the the the the the the the like you know well like like okay type type type type type type type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; veteran I I I I I I I mean okay like you know so like pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family harding's family harding's family harding's family family family family family family family harding's family harding's family harding's family already owned burial burial burial burial burial burial burial plots in the uh you know okay I I I I I I I mean you know well cemetery, but a grander destination was was was was was was was planned for the well well like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second so um um um um um um um well I mean you know uh season at at at at at at at Everton where he was regularly used so well I mean I I I I I I I mean uh like as back up for new signing signing signing signing signing signing signing James Beattie in January um so you know you know know know know know know know uh so 2006, it was announced that Bent had signed signed signed signed signed signed signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in in in in in in in the so I mean you know well um well well well well well well well maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role I I I I I I I mean um well well like uh in the brain is is is is is is is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper like like like like like like like like you know you know so well Midwest, including including including including including including including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in um you you you you you you you know so okay like um Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Stick Stick Stick Stick Stick Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, so okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the the the the the the the inter-county like so I mean um like um scene scene scene scene scene scene scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked well well well well well well well uh like okay like uh up with the Tipperary Tipperary Tipperary Tipperary Tipperary Tipperary Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to well well well well well well well well uh I mean so like instantly jump to that that that that that that that location; however, the mini-map does okay so you know I I I I I I I mean well so not initially display the entire battlefield; battlefield; battlefield; battlefield; battlefield; battlefield; battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared well well well well well well well uh like um like so with the 1973 versions due due due due due due due to the newly required 5 I mean so well so so so so so so so okay so - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve naïve naïve naïve naïve naïve naïve realism' seems, however, like so so okay I mean um unwarranted unwarranted unwarranted unwarranted unwarranted unwarranted unwarranted considering the fact that a majority of the population, population, population, population, population, population, population, okay uh okay okay like um who arguably subscribe to to to to to to to naïve common sense you know well well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with with with with with with with I mean well like I mean well well the the the the the the the best hand against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was the first son of John II II II II II II II and Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian well well well well well well well like I mean I mean uh you know Objectivist intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work like well well well well well well well well well okay you know dogs used by Native Native Native Native Native Native Native Siberians at the time; uh like so you you you you you you you know I mean um the breed came to be known known known known known known known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN hidesterVPN hidesterVPN hidesterVPN hidesterVPN hidesterVPN hidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN supports hidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP L2TP L2TP L2TP L2TP L2TP L2TP / IPSec you know like you know you know so like like like like like like like and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 IPv6 IPv6 IPv6 IPv6 IPv6 IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the Second World War, on the 21 May uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well well uh 1940, the' Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', well well well well well well well um you know you know okay uh departed from Brest Brest Brest Brest Brest Brest Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that that that that that that that okay okay like so I mean okay Leia is Luke's twin twin twin twin twin twin twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January in January in January in January in in in in in in in January in January in January 2017 it was announced that that that that that that that SKINNY ROADS I mean like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well the single was named the most played song song song song song song song on Christian like um well so you know you know radio radio radio radio radio radio radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček Sedláček Sedláček Sedláček Sedláček Sedláček Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, 27, you know well I mean um I mean um um um um um um um 2012) graduated from a military academy and fled um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and and and and and and and is um so uh okay you know okay an an an an an an an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm you know know know know know know know uh well like like okay & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby Bobby Bobby Bobby Bobby Bobby Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby stammering, Bobby suggests that there may may may may may may may have been well like well um okay well an an an an an an an extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed I mean like like like like like like like uh uh so well says no, that Drew was not not not not not not not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number number number number number number number uh um I mean you know so you know one one one one one one one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign but later you you you you you you you know uh okay like well uh gained weight, reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well you know uh okay notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being being being being being being being the you know um well so you know like like like like like like like first to adopt the council - manager form form form form form form form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the well well well well well well well okay like okay so so Columbus Cottonmouths, a team team team team team team team within the Central Hockey League (CHL), um like you you you you you you you know you know like uh and was recognized for for for for for for for his on and off um well uh uh like like like like like like like um - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer um like like like like like like like you know um well well standard and like its sister sister sister sister sister sister sister specification (DVB - H) uses I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of of of of of of of so you know you know uh like so content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has a medical staff of over over over over over over over 1, uh like um well uh um 000 physicians physicians physicians physicians physicians physicians physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median income for a household in the city city city city city city city is $ so like well so so so so so so so so so 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and australia and australia and australia and australia australia australia australia australia australia australia and australia and australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based based based based based based based okay okay well you know so you know on on on on on on on cooperation on many issues in international forums, a so so so so so so so so like well uh uh strong commitment to global security, security, security, security, security, security, security, and people - to um well okay so so so - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri the Lehri the Lehri the Lehri the Lehri Lehri Lehri Lehri Lehri Lehri Lehri the Lehri the Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple temple temple temple temple temple temple okay like like well you know so in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of the performing area because such so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports like so so so so so so so um I mean uh uh Centre run by the London London London London London London London Borough of Ealing, the you know like so I mean well well well well well well well so Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was well well well well well well well you know like like okay I mean secretary of the the the the the the the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in well well so so so so so so so so okay I mean size by splitting off Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery like like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so County was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate aggregate assets under uh you know you know so um well well well well well well well management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the the the the the the the like I mean I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling okay so so uh so um to get out of of of of of of of the situation she is I mean so so so so so so so so I mean well uh trapped in, noting that the main characteristics characteristics characteristics characteristics characteristics characteristics characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know like like like like like like like like Turks during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like um okay it was incorporated into the militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily militarily administered Kars Oblast, and I mean well like um um um um um um um like I mean it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV you you you you you you you know okay so so um well starting in 1957, which which which which which which which later moved its city of license like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um uh and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April he stretch out to a a a a a a a mile and uh so um um so uh one eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay well well Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know like Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the the the the the the the so um um well I mean so 'Idex - 95' 95' 95' 95' 95' 95' 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the the the the the the the okay like um I mean um so Rozelle Tram Tram Tram Tram Tram Tram Tram Depot, the line, after departing the well okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know depot travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 almost almost almost almost almost almost almost 150 almost 150 almost 150 people formed a rally rally rally rally rally rally rally at um like so I mean okay uh the the the the the the the CNN center in Atlanta to support the Palestinian you know know know know know know know like I mean so I mean I mean people and and and and and and and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by you you you you you you you know uh you know okay you know well the the the the the the the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like so I mean uh fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active active active active active active active between like like uh I mean you know I I I I I I I mean 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints Joints rolled you know I mean well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in one minute is actually a 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 year old uh uh um I mean well well well well well well well you know boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay I mean like the the the the the the the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though well well well well well well well you know like uh uh uh a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 in 1917 in 1917 in 1917 in in in in in in in 1917 in 1917 in 1917 the mine was involved involved involved involved involved involved involved in the Industrial Workers um um so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know of the World miners' strike which led led led led led led led to over 1000 so you know okay you know you know um um um um um um um miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes uh you you you you you you you know okay um you know like and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he he he he he he he like I mean um you know well so so so so so so so gets the courage to ask if he can can can can can can can see uh you know um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh her again and it is revealed that she she she she she she she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song the song the song the song the the the the the the the song the song the song has also been covered covered covered covered covered covered covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed so okay okay so like like like like like like like like Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on well well well well well well well you know so um um like air pollution until she left left left left left left left the school in 1977, becoming more okay well well well well well well well well I mean okay um interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as as as as as as as like I mean like um so well several high ranking ranking ranking ranking ranking ranking ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You 'Got You 'Got You 'Got You 'Got You You You You You You You 'Got You 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was was was was was was was also featured okay well you know you know know know know know know know uh you know on the soundtrack for the 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, okay I mean um okay like like like like like like like like which starred Katie Holmes. There music music music music music music music is also featured so like so uh so so so so so so so you know in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog 'Dog you know uh I mean well like well Fancier' contained notes notes notes notes notes notes notes and display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich uh so so so so so so so uh so uh well offering their dogs for sale sale sale sale sale sale sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to leave France by the outbreak of of of of of of of The Great War, you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide Adelaide Adelaide Adelaide Adelaide Adelaide Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for posing for posing for posing for posing for for for for for for for posing for posing for Gerda in women's clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, Lili became Gerda's favorite so okay like so so so so so so so um um model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record of their physical nature has survived except so so so so so so so okay uh I mean okay you know in in in in in in in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed like like like like like like like I mean like like um you know for the the the the the the the Persian Gulf in support of Operations so well okay you you you you you you you know so so Desert Shield / Desert Storm and later later later later later later later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker um um um um um um um well uh uh you know uh and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands well I I I I I I I mean okay okay uh so reserved for Natives Natives Natives Natives Natives Natives Natives under the terms of the Crown - you know so so so so so so so you know okay you know uh in - right - - - - - - - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like and trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to well well well well well well well uh well I mean well um an Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control all I mean well well well well well well well so okay well you know dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan I I I I I I I mean so uh so I mean so Coal Company, which allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed Heseltine to be brought up well well so um you you you you you you you know uh in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or or or or or or or I mean I mean okay um well well Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport uh like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however however however however however however however it is now a defunct well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo Anglo I mean well okay well like um - Saxons; Saxons; Saxons; Saxons; Saxons; Saxons; Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um um are of Anglo - Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon Saxon origin, although in some well um you know well well well well well well well so you know cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were well I I I I I I I mean um you know uh well required as a Weatherman, Weatherman, Weatherman, Weatherman, Weatherman, Weatherman, Weatherman, did put a bit of a uh I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know strain on her her her her her her her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, it is shown that he was part of of of of of of of Operation okay uh like uh uh so Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was founded in 1994 by by by by by by by Kevin Wentworth Preston and um um well um um um um um um um okay well is based in the village of Pinkney Pinkney Pinkney Pinkney Pinkney Pinkney Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will it will it will it will it it it it it it it will it will it will premiere on February 28, 2011 and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh so so be simulcast in in in in in in in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was you know well so so so so so so so I mean okay well first broadcast in January 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, um you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um hosted by A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets all jackets all jackets all jackets all jackets all jackets jackets jackets jackets jackets jackets jackets all jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer you you you you you you you know um uh like okay I mean - shell and and and and and and and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are down you you you you you you you know like uh um like well - filled with with with with with with with Ukrainian grey duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices practices practices practices practices practices practices and um I mean you know um uh so sets sets sets sets sets sets sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took bishop took bishop took bishop took took took took took took took bishop took bishop took bishop took over the the the the the the the editorial desk of 'The Friend' so well well well well well well well okay um okay okay in 1887, and while some believed believed believed believed believed believed believed he used it so so so so um I I I I I I I mean to pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February by February by February by February by February February February February February February February by February by February 2004, Intel announced the the the the the the the EM64T instruction you know okay like okay like so set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist artist artist artist artist artist artist from um well um I mean I mean um the the the the the the the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is is is is is is is best like um okay so well like known for her her her her her her her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan metropolitan well uh so um so okay area across the the the the the the the international border in the United States, and therefore I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh okay um is counted as as as as as as as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media like um so you you you you you you you know so well in 1986 when he created a a a a a a a new society to invite uh I mean like I I I I I I I mean like I mean the Ambassador of South South South South South South South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International well uh okay you you you you you you you know I mean so Law Society had withdrawn an an an an an an an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and early like like like like like like like like okay so uh uh 20th centuries, when when when when when when when Southern states changed their constitutions and I mean you you you you you you you know uh I mean well I mean electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having regained political power, power, power, power, power, power, power, I mean I mean uh you know well you know enacted enacted enacted enacted enacted enacted enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - - - - - - - Murphy okay um okay so like okay Award for Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community community community community community community community development, allowing so um so um so you know cocoa farmers farmers farmers farmers farmers farmers farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, bring okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um so I mean safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect detect detect detect detect detect detect and assess okay so you know uh uh like like like like like like like sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, although although although although although although although like I mean so I mean like okay on 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to Italy uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay I mean um well and most most most most most most most of the unit, including aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting place place place place place place place so okay um uh um um for young artists artists artists artists artists artists artists but by the end of the war well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um uh the Futurist movement was showing showing showing showing showing showing showing signs ofUnited uh okay I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean States and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the on the on the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm 40pm on the um um okay I mean like uh westbound carriageway carriageway carriageway carriageway carriageway carriageway carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon you you you you you you you know I mean well um like uh an accident involved involved involved involved involved involved involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India I I I I I I I mean okay I mean you know well so so so so so so so in 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and and and and and and and frustrated with well like so um I mean um um um um um um um his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City City City City City City City relegated, well uh okay like so um however, Tiatto Tiatto Tiatto Tiatto Tiatto Tiatto Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December in December in December in December in December in in in in in in in December in December 1944, the 352nd received orders orders orders orders orders orders orders to deploy to I mean so uh uh you you you you you you you know uh a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency the Emergency the Emergency the Emergency the Emergency the the the the the the the Emergency the Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) like like like like like like like so um um you know okay is an Act of of of of of of of the Parliament of the United like like um you you you you you you you know so I mean Kingdom intended to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was well um um um um um um um well so okay I mean released in Fall 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as she you know know know know know know know well well like okay so learns to cope with a society society society society society society society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well uh I mean otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' malaccense' is not related to cashew -- an well like like like like like like like well I mean um uh important distinction because because because because because because because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) may well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury Treasury you know well um um um uh and in in in in in in in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean well you know the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in so so so so so so so well um well okay um order to replace and and and and and and and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent well like um well so I I I I I I I mean trainsets which, along with the 2 extra passing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh you know so loops, will will will will will will will double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris bo Saris bo Saris bo Saris bo Saris Saris Saris Saris Saris Saris Saris bo Saris bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of of of of of of of Arts in Saint well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 1901 and was entitled 'artist' um like so okay like I I I I I I I mean (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish replenish replenish replenish replenish replenish replenish I mean um well I mean well so their forests, large large large large large large large demands for paper lead to large uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners that that that that that that that I mean okay so well uh uh continued to work work work work work work work in the American Canyon, but by you you you you you you you know you know um well um so that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green aGreen aGreen aGreen aGreen aGreen aGreen - oriented Elvish Elvish Elvish Elvish Elvish Elvish Elvish planeswalker originated from the plane like um so you know know know know know know know so I mean of Zendikar that uses the raw raw raw raw raw raw raw energy of her like you know okay well um um um um um um um I mean own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and were were were were were were were so okay uh okay well um joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 April April April April April April April like you know like uh well you know 1916 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 19 April 2007) was the second you know so you know know know know know know know I mean uh like son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album was produced and arranged by Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, so well I mean like um um um um um um um okay The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One One One One One One One and I mean well so uh okay so played played played played played played played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying students applying students applying students applying students students students students students students students applying students applying students applying for degree candidacy must successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully successfully complete three like like okay like you know I I I I I I I mean 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard Harvard with at least you know um well you know um well a a a a a a a B grade, and maintain a minimum 3. 0 cumulative um um um um um um um like so um so so GPA; one of of of of of of of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) Cuba) is you know okay okay like uh like a a a a a a a Cuban - American actress best known for her portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal portrayal of um um you know okay well uh Paloma Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral his funeral his funeral his funeral his his his his his his his funeral his funeral his funeral was attended by over 100, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 people uh so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and there was widespread sadness at his death; death; death; death; death; death; death; he well um so like um well was a a a a a a a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a well well well well well well well so well like uh like rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to to to to to to to so you know like I mean um so market; market; market; market; market; market; market; this not only brought about transfer of the the the the the the the transportation from other like um um so uh well routes to to to to to to to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration so like um um um um um um um uh uh okay and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented the well so okay like um I mean Group Mediclaim Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy for the needy 22, 450 families in I I I I I I I mean okay like like well like Ghatkopar, covering people, people, people, people, people, people, people, having a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to to to to to to to Whitesboro, Texas, he I mean okay like you know I I I I I I I mean uh chose to remain remain in Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Territory, where he you know um uh like well well well well well well well like supported himself by working a variety of odd jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs before well so I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you know finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand michael Armand Armand Armand Armand Armand Armand Armand michael Armand michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the the the the the the the well I mean okay okay like you know son of Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a guard's compartment in the centre centre centre centre centre centre centre and two large I mean you know uh like like like like like like like uh well areas either side for storing luggage luggage luggage luggage luggage luggage luggage they were like okay you know so um well a a a a a a a very versatile type of coach and could be well I I I I I I I mean well okay so so found all over the British British British British British British British Railways network and so uh um okay well uh some are are are are are are are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes the clothes the clothes the clothes the the the the the the the clothes the clothes the clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, and slowly suffocates him you know well so so so so so so so so okay I mean as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack like um um um um um um um okay uh like you know based sandwich from the 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s and early 1980s of the same okay um you know know know know know know know okay you know I mean name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle battle battle battle battle battle battle well okay well you know I mean well to to to to to to to the British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at well um um um um um um um well like um um Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing writing writing writing writing writing writing letters to a minister um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as you know um um um um um um um um so like okay 'Amy Winehouse meets Lily Allen', a description description description description description description description um um well um well you know she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was was was was was was was a I mean uh like so well uh paper paper paper paper paper paper paper - and - pencil test; since January like like like like like like like um so okay so you know 27, 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties nineties nineties nineties nineties nineties nineties okay okay okay so uh so but since since since since since since since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between you you you you you you you know so well you know uh you know Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United States, States, States, States, States, States, States, you know well you know um so so where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was um um um um um um um well okay like you know I mean the most famous, famous, famous, famous, famous, famous, famous, after being fired from the Our Gang um um like like like like like like like uh I mean uh series Harry Lucenay retired Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete to Atlantic City N. J like okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance so so so so so so so you know okay like you know like Unit RAF, the the the the the the the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went well you you you you you you you know you know well you know well on to become become become become become become become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound compound compound compound compound compound compound so I mean so like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene Charlene gail Charlene gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 1951 in Montclair, um well I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean New Jersey) is an American actress best known for for for for for for for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor the the the the the the the Pancor the Pancor the Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and and and and and and and thus classified as a I mean so I mean you you you you you you you know I mean I mean machine gun by the the the the the the the United States and are regulated as okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay uh such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is bjerkreim is bjerkreim is bjerkreim is bjerkreim bjerkreim bjerkreim bjerkreim bjerkreim bjerkreim bjerkreim is bjerkreim is bjerkreim is a municipality in the county county county county county county county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long been been been been been been been I mean well okay like well uh an outspoken critic of of of of of of of bans on online gambling and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the the the the the the the so well okay like I mean so Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was concluded that this crash was a type okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean like like known as C C C C C C C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like um um like Terrain) and that that that that that that that there were no defects with the aircraft I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um you know so or its systems systems systems systems systems systems systems which contributed to the crash, I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some in some in some in some in some some some some some some some in some in some mosques there is a platform ( uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh well like 'müezzin mahfili' in in in in in in in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um so the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean uh like Abdullahi Omaar the famous famous famous famous famous famous famous elder and businesman, he was you know you know know know know know know know like well uh uh born in Hargaisa in 1st of of of of of of of July 1953, his young like I mean you know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a so so so so so so so I mean like I mean uh well cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know in WWE under the the the the the the the ring name Simon Gotch, where so um I mean I I I I I I I mean you know you know he held the NXT NXT NXT NXT NXT NXT NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay well I mean so Wing Chun Chun Chun Chun Chun Chun Chun professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio studio studio studio studio studio studio well you know so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has yangyang has has has has has has has yangyang has yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International International International International International International International um I mean like uh you know you you you you you you you know Airport was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for you know know know know know know know okay um okay well uh her work as Editor Editor Editor Editor Editor Editor Editor - in - Chief on um like I mean I I I I I I I mean uh uh 'Strange Horizons', and the magazine itself was was was was was was was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League League League League League League League I mean so okay okay uh um in Group C C C C C C C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) 1848) 1848) 1848) 1848) 1848) 1848) was uh okay um uh I mean you know a a a a a a a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and you you you you you you you know like um like like well politician born in in in in in in in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March um um um um um um um um so like uh um 5, 1982 ) was was was was was was was an American comedian, actor, and you know well you you you you you you you know well um so musician, best known as one of of of of of of of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Axworthy, MA I mean uh like uh so okay and and and and and and and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and uh well well well well well well well well well um well 1972 respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's wMMB's wMMB's wMMB's wMMB's wMMB's wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter wMMB's transmitter is located in southern southern southern southern southern southern southern Brevard County, Florida and so um you know know know know know know know like I mean um it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did this as comic relief in the the the the the the the novel, well I mean you know well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is is is is is is is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track cycling event consists of a single race race race race race race race in uh uh um well um so which the the the the the the the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was located about two miles southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast southeast of like okay so well well like present - day town town town town town town town of Marshfield and was the site so well okay uh you you you you you you you know well of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 the the the the the the the okay um I mean well well okay Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign in foreign in foreign in foreign in in in in in in in foreign in foreign in foreign policy, Fillmore supported U U U U U U U. S. Naval expeditions okay so uh like so uh to to to to to to to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on on on on on on on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority the Authority the Authority the Authority the the the the the the the Authority the Authority the Authority also sought to help help help help help help help control flooding on the so um okay um um so so so so so so so lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the like like like like like like like so okay you know you know like Ohio River flood flood flood flood flood flood flood of 1937, as research had like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know shown that 4 % of the the the the the the the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was was was was was was was um I mean uh like okay well too embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed to be seen with him, and this incident incident incident incident incident incident incident okay um um I mean like like went on to to to to to to to mar his first day at the you know know know know know know know okay well well like you know school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern modern modern modern modern modern modern school like I mean well you know you know um um um um um um um created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as I I I I I I I mean I mean well you know you know you you you you you you you know they spend public money this is why why why why why why why democratic governments okay okay you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up uh like like I mean um okay as as as as as as as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas Douglas A- like uh um so like so 20 Havoc light light light light light light light bombers by installing four machine guns well um well well well well well well well well well um in their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the establishment of the National Science and well uh so so so so so so so okay so I mean Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) on on on on on on on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became uh so well so so so so so so so like like one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging duties were moved to the new new new new new new new perch, previously um um like you know well well they they they they they they they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B so so so so so so so okay you know um uh well. A. From Boston College, started started started started started started started working as a bond trader like you know know know know know know know I mean uh you know you know at Merrill Lynch Lynch Lynch Lynch Lynch Lynch Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and uh well well well well well well well um I mean like I mean medieval bridges and is is is is is is is home to several habitats okay okay so like I I I I I I I mean so including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used it to burst out of the tanker, destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying destroying okay uh so like like okay any White Whale members that that that that that that that were near, and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an an an an an an an American Latin scholar, like like I mean okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated at Harvard uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know uh well (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the the the the the the the driver's so uh um well well uh door and no no no no no no no cold steel up a driver's you know okay you know know know know know know know I mean like okay leg but the petrol tank was was was was was was was in the scuttle and its so so so so so so so so so like I mean um filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is not acceptable to delete information I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay from an article because it spoils the plot if so so so so so so so so uh so you know okay that would would would would would would would interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner um um um um um um um um well you know like um than that of of of of of of of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless, his nevertheless, his nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 arrests and like well um uh um so convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Canadian Adult like okay well well you know um Contemporary Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, Chart, and was a top 10 hit in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay uh you know so Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and and and and and and and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell wins wins wins wins wins wins wins and a photo like um well like well well well well well well well like finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for for for for for for for Most so um uh like um um Outstanding Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in in in in in in in San uh so I mean uh um okay Francisco, California who who who who who who who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers okay like like well I mean well in 'Recess', one one one one one one one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock 'Shock well um well well like you know Rock' and later later later later later later later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', um uh uh well well well well well well well I mean I mean concerning a young couple on on on on on on on a road trip in like well I mean like um um um um um um um like Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves her life to manage day - to to to to to to to - you know well I mean okay okay I I I I I I I mean day tasks in the house, and be a 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 so I mean you know uh you know so hour personal - - - - - - - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the russell, the russell, the russell, the russell, the the the the the the the russell, the russell, the leader of the robbers, demands demands demands demands demands demands demands food and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) California) California) California) California) California) California) is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May in May in May in May in May May May May May May May in May in May 1938 a new constitution was was was was was was was adopted, well like so okay I mean okay which which which which which which which echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the the the the the the the permanent I mean well um um um okay capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know um you know surveyor surveyor surveyor surveyor surveyor surveyor surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of like um um um um um um um uh so like um the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well structure set into into into into into into into the hill, with a frame board and and and and and and and batten okay um well well so uh - clad clad clad clad clad clad clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called called called called called called called well you know uh you know um well well well well well well well from a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that that that that that that that so so like like like well appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew withdrew withdrew withdrew withdrew withdrew withdrew from Mexico so you know okay well so um um um um um um um in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to to to to to to to a high like like um so you know uh school school school school school school school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces he announces he announces he announces he he he he he he he announces he announces he announces over the intercom that that that that that that that the staff and prisoners are free um you know know know know know know know so okay you know like to leave through the one one one one one one one available exit - the front um um okay so so so so so so so so I mean door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, a Windows okay uh like I mean like uh Vista Laptop, inspiron inspiron inspiron inspiron inspiron inspiron inspiron 1525, two and an half years okay um um well well well well well well well so like later I got a toshiba satellite laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop um you know well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original mission duration was to be only three years, you you you you you you you know uh I mean like well so but in in in in in in in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so a post he he he he he he he has held since 1984, and was chairman of of of of of of of you know you know I mean like like so so so so so so so the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu Mommu and daughter okay um well I mean well you you you you you you you know of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and and and and and and and later okay I mean okay uh you know so so so so so so so Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu Temmu Temmu Temmu Temmu Temmu Temmu and you know uh like um you know like Empress Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial route was to run from Chattanooga Chattanooga Chattanooga Chattanooga Chattanooga Chattanooga Chattanooga to you know so um okay well um a a a a a a a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the well well well well well well well um um I mean I mean like Chattahoochee River, which which which which which which which would eventually be linked to the Georgia you know know know know know know know um um uh um um Railroad from Augusta and and and and and and and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was kreon was kreon was kreon was was was was was was was kreon was kreon was kreon was a fictional fictional fictional fictional fictional fictional fictional character featured in comic like you know you you you you you you you know um um I mean books published by DC DC DC DC DC DC DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican I mean um uh uh like well State Representative from District District District District District District District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for Altria, as as as as as as as uh you know uh I mean so I mean although although although although although although although Marlboro is by far the most you know uh um so so so so so so so you know you know popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the the the the the the the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate Graduate I mean I mean um uh I mean well well well well well well well School of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh um uh films in some some some some some some some theaters, and they can be used uh you know you know know know know know know know you know I mean okay to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant consonant consonant consonant consonant consonant consonant gradation in well okay you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Finnish as purely an issue of syllable structure well so so so so so so so like you know well um is that the language has undergone undergone undergone undergone undergone undergone undergone various phonetic changes due to okay like like like like like like like like um okay uh which not all weak grades grades grades grades grades grades grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of of of of of of of so like okay so like well DNA that is associated with with with with with with with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean I mean like Department Department Department Department Department Department Department of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk well well well well well well well okay you know um um like in Nueva Nueva Nueva Nueva Nueva Nueva Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted by by by by by by by like like uh I mean well um the engineer Maggi, and on on on on on on on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be sought sought sought sought sought sought sought like uh well okay well so for reassurance, however however however however however however however febrile seizures are not harmful, do not um you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay okay require treatment, treatment, treatment, treatment, treatment, treatment, treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated like like like like like like like well you know okay you know okay to St Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh uh uh um well well well well well well well so okay in Leigh, its dedication changed to St St St St St St St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring mirroring mirroring mirroring mirroring mirroring mirroring you know uh you know I mean so okay her her her her her her her most well - known role - although they also okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you know I mean speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather she she she she she she she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its its its its its its its stories I mean you know so so like like like like like like like well were partly based on real people and events, and and and and and and and okay uh so uh like okay several years passed before before before before before before before it was adapted from I mean well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh a play performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well this small forest for electrical electrical electrical electrical electrical electrical electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC family family family family family family family of like well so I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for low well well well well well well well um um like you know I mean - footprint footprint footprint footprint footprint footprint footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh I mean uh and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its its its its its its its 6. 0 litre W12 engine so so I mean well well well well well well well so so was rated at 6, 000 rpm and and and and and and and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives evil gives gives gives gives gives gives gives evil gives evil gives evil gives evil gives gives gives gives gives gives gives evil gives him a choice: I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh so save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located um you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so you know on on on on on on on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a a a a a a a teenager I mean uh so well you know you know know know know know know know and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building was then turned into a railway like so so so so so so so so like okay uh heritage centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Railway Society and I mean uh okay okay okay okay by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel sol Joel Joel Joel Joel Joel Joel Joel sol Joel sol Joel Park is a public park in I mean like like like like like like like like um um so Earley, a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham uh um um um um um um um um well uh I mean Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is poon is poon is poon is poon is is is is is is is poon is poon is the executive chairman of his his his his his his his Hong Kong listed uh okay well uh so so so so so so so uh vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his after his after his after his after his his his his his his his after his after his father's death in 1945, and and and and and and and after extensive consultation well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh I mean with a number of of of of of of of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and philatelic so you know know know know know know know uh so uh so literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his his his his his his his father's original okay um you know uh well I I I I I I I mean manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, the song, the song, the song, the the the the the the the song, the song, the song, which describes the speaker's speaker's speaker's speaker's speaker's speaker's speaker's desire to retreat from other uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean people to the ocean, is is is is is is is among the most famous works like so you you you you you you you know so I mean um of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary um like well you know so okay about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of because of because of because of because because because because because because because of because of because of fear to be delivered to to to to to to to Sowjetunion Backe uh I mean um I mean like well hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P is also a character in the video video video video video video video game uh uh uh so okay you know Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of of of of of of of Owari han, okay like I mean so um well well well well well well well he served as chamberlain during World War II. Yoshihiro Yoshihiro Yoshihiro Yoshihiro Yoshihiro Yoshihiro Yoshihiro like okay you know you know like um was was was was was was was famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender I mean so like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns priest returns priest returns priest returns priest priest priest priest priest priest priest returns priest returns priest returns to the city and and and and and and and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling I mean um you you you you you you you know okay like you know him of the burnt train train train train train train train containing the vampires' bodies, you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on a I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um you know you know full football football football football football football football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can it can it can it can it can it it it it it it it can it can be easier to lose lose lose lose lose lose lose than a flying um uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know well disc, especially over long distances: its low profile can can can can can can can make well I mean uh so well like it hard to to to to to to to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Dragon Disciple, I mean you know well um so well well well well well well well Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such like like like like like like like uh um so okay like as the ability to to to to to to to hire two henchman at once and the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in the end McDuff opted to use a a a a a a a piece of I mean um uh I mean so so so so so so so you know broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and and and and and and and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, uh like well well well well well well well okay well you know he received an offer offer offer offer offer offer offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, kitchen, kitchen, kitchen, kitchen, kitchen, kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off off off off off off off the street outside; they so um so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a okay okay like like like like like like like um you know okay part of the 2007 - - - - - - - 08 NCAA Division uh um you know um you you you you you you you know okay I men's basketball season, took place on on on on on on on March 5, I mean you know you know like like like like like like like uh you know 2008 as a single - elimination tournament, tournament, tournament, tournament, tournament, tournament, tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West West West West West West West I mean you know well okay so you know know know know know know know Point market will move to the of WTVA; before before before before before before before this announcement, uh uh uh um so uh Comcast Comcast Comcast Comcast Comcast Comcast Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky debris, debris, debris, debris, debris, debris, debris, okay uh you know okay um um feeding on tiny, stray stray stray stray stray stray stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean I mean um well of the the the the the the the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared well well well well well well well uh uh um okay so the spire unsafe and dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous the Town Council were you know you know well well well well well well well well okay so ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player player player player player player player okay okay like you know you know you know know know know know know know. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was planned planned planned planned planned planned planned to you know um you know uh you know know know know know know know like be presentation of the CD, release date was deelayed deelayed deelayed deelayed deelayed deelayed deelayed up uh like you know uh well you know know know know know know know to the May, 2006, because of the negotiatations with Sony Sony Sony Sony Sony Sony Sony I mean um I mean you know well you know / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently completed completed completed completed completed completed completed an like well so like so like All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube playing I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean so like bass bass bass bass bass bass bass guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award Award Award Award Award Award Award - I mean you know well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of of of of of of of 'Anything Goes' I mean so you know you you you you you you you know um you know with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey Grey Grey Grey Grey Grey Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was she was she was she was she was she was was was was was was was she was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs Affairs civil Affairs civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five five five five five five five core okay like um um um well CA tasks, Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security security security security security security security issues like I mean well um well well for the the the the the the the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded uh you know know know know know know know um uh um you know in March 1995, with with with with with with with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a German you know know know know know know know like I mean um um I mean guard in in in in in in in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the the the the the the the (unnamed) choice was okay okay well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted to present present present present present present present like uh you know um uh well something more more more more more more more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) 1935) um um uh uh you know I mean was an an an an an an an American lawyer and politician who was New York well well well well well well well I mean so like I mean you know Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default default default default default default default file you know well well so okay I I I I I I I mean system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it it it it it it it is 'probably the I mean uh so so okay you you you you you you you know worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. M. H. M. H. M. H. M. H H H H H H H. M. H. M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / / / / / / / Persian okay uh okay you know okay um / Urdu: محمد محمد محمد محمد محمد محمد محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, Action Director, you know you you you you you you you know so well uh like Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released released released released released released released okay you know I mean so well well well well well well well um in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again again again again again again again I mean like uh I mean like okay invited invited invited invited invited invited invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In like well well well well well well well you know uh uh uh December, however, the members announced on on on on on on on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was was was was was was was held I mean so you know so I I I I I I I mean I mean in 2009; it was canceled twice due due due due due due due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), TREN), TREN), TREN), TREN), TREN), TREN), in you know I mean so uh okay so operation operation operation operation operation operation operation since 1 January 2000, was created by merging okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - house house house house house house house I mean so okay I mean you know well chain chain chain chain chain chain chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that time the Department of Defence was you know know know know know know know well okay okay like okay of relatively little little little little little little little consequence in the Commonwealth government; so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay each service (Navy, Army Army Army Army Army Army Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take take take take take take take okay so you know so uh um place in in in in in in in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the um um um um um um um so well uh you know um nation's nation's nation's nation's nation's nation's nation's oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named named named named named named named to um like like okay okay you know the position position position position position position position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well subsidiary in 1974, and on completion of the the the the the the the acquisition Midland so uh uh um uh um also also also also also also also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and and and and and and and you know well uh okay you know so moved moved moved moved moved moved moved to Canada, but he died of cancer and she you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay so I mean returned to to to to to to to Britain and obtained a post at the okay so um um um um um um um um like like Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his in his in his in his in in in in in in in his in his in his second season, season, season, season, season, season, season, he alternated between the midfield um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like and forward line, and with several dominant performances, performances, performances, performances, performances, performances, performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - you know know know know know know know uh I mean like okay uh 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as but as but as but as but as as as as as as as but as but as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, in 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, 2005, in 2005, in 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it it it it it it it on his so so okay okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like um so um were hunted to extinction within within within within within within within the first year and these uh so well okay like like like like like like like like predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to so so so I mean like so spend the the the the the the the day drinking in the local pub um okay um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. As a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May devil May devil May devil May devil May May May May May May May devil May devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps Corps is a uh you know uh well okay um nonprofit 501 501 501 501 501 501 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board I mean like um um um um um um um well uh like of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a a a a a a a um I mean uh well okay you know liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to to to to to to to affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that true well well well well well well well like you know you know like um features would last longer longer longer longer longer longer longer (this is the meaning of I mean uh um um um um um um um um uh well PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH uh um um um um um um um like well uh like Zurich and since 2009 he is is is is is is is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - Hungary so so so so so so so well you know uh um I mean in 1918, the county county county county county county county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but I mean um um um um um um um you know like like you know it it it it it it it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, um um um um um um um well uh like like uh publishing a paper in in in in in in in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor okay well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures Pictures Pictures Pictures Pictures Pictures Pictures and often well okay like well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film film film film film film film studio you know you know you know you you you you you you you know you know okay based in Hollywood, California, that has has has has has has has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in in in in in in in you know you know like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for for for for for for for you know uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse than the the the the the the the titanic, like you know so I mean like like so so so so so so so he worked with a Dallas company to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like okay you know uh develop the ICEE machine, machine, machine, machine, machine, machine, machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are there are 50 breeds and 80 types types types types types types types of animals in so um so I mean um um um um um um um I mean the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, giraffes, hippos, I mean I mean so well well you know know know know know know know cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian Bulgarian empire, uh okay so uh well um concluded a voluntary confederation confederation confederation confederation confederation confederation confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia well well well well well well well well well like so okay / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had had had had had had had okay so like okay well okay some roles in in in in in in in mainstream film and television, including guest I mean I I I I I I I mean okay um um well appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a a a a a a a well so uh I mean like I mean cruel remark Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently deceased uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like like um mother and from the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July July July July July July July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's Renly's Renly's Renly's Renly's Renly's Renly's armor okay so you know okay okay uh during the Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of well you you you you you you you know like um like I mean what seemed to to to to to to to be a dead man you know I mean I I I I I I I mean um well okay leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the with the with the with the with the the the the the the the with the with the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies Indies Indies Indies Indies Indies Indies okay okay so like like okay as son of of of of of of of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia the Georgia the Georgia the Georgia the the the the the the the Georgia the Georgia the Georgia Railroad was built by local local local local local local local contractors Fannin, Grant um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean & Co in 1845 1845 1845 1845 1845 1845 1845 giving Augusta a rail link well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River River River River River River River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean um so else, including the the the the the the the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: you know know know know know know know um like um I mean so 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word the word the word the word the the the the the the the word the word the word 'story' may be used used used used used used used as a synonym I mean I mean uh like so like like like like like like like of 'narrative', it can also be used used used used used used used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover the cover the cover the cover the cover cover cover cover cover cover cover the cover the cover of the game features Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Yzerman I mean um okay um um um and Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Stevens, and Get Ready For This by like well well um I I I I I I I mean um 2 Unlimited is used as the game's main main main main main main main theme (for the okay um so uh well I I I I I I I mean PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's she's she's she's she's she's she's uh okay okay I mean so you know know know know know know know the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and so so so so so so so uh uh I mean I mean so has a a a a a a a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV MCTV 15) so okay you know you know uh um is is is is is is is a small Public - access television cable well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean TV station, founded founded founded founded founded founded founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero julie Amero julie Amero julie Amero julie Amero Amero Amero Amero Amero Amero Amero julie Amero julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who who who who who who who was previously convicted um okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean of four counts of risk of injury to a a a a a a a uh so like okay um well minor, or impairing impairing impairing impairing impairing impairing impairing the morals of a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked she walked she walked she walked she she she she she she she walked she walked she walked out on their wedding, and she she she she she she she currently is uh well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh single and holds intense anger towards Richard for for for for for for for ruining their okay okay you know well like I I I I I I I mean wedding, and also became furious to learn she she she she she she she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the during the during the during the during during during during during during during the during the during the Boer war 22, 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 troops were treated okay okay I mean um okay well well well well well well well for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical um you you you you you you you know um okay okay well Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Hugh Cairns who uh okay um uh well you you you you you you you know consequently began a long study of what what what what what what what he I mean okay uh like uh okay saw as the the the the the the the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to avoid like um um um um um um um so well so I mean fighting in the Trojan War, War, War, War, War, War, War, disguising him as a like um you know you know know know know know know know okay um woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Richmond, Richmond, Richmond, Richmond, Richmond, Richmond, Virginia, and well um uh well well well is is is is is is is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - hFC - hFC - hFC - - - - - - - hFC - hFC - hFC - 227ea contains no no no no no no no chlorine or bromine atoms, presenting no uh well you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark modeling mark mark mark mark mark mark mark modeling mark modeling mark - recapture data is trending trending trending trending trending trending trending towards a okay like like you know well I I I I I I I mean more integrative approach, which combines mark - - - - - - - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of of of of of of of I mean well so I mean you know know know know know know know I mean brands ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal L'Oréal L'Oréal L'Oréal L'Oréal L'Oréal L'Oréal I mean I mean you know so well well well well well well well I mean ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area area area area area area area code uh you know um so so so for for for for for for for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards the Awards the Awards the Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards Awards the Awards the Awards the Awards is an exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian so you know uh well well well well well well well like well DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To To To To To To To foster okay uh so I mean okay so so so so so so so the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James James James James James James James Hamilton was okay okay well like um so so so so so so so born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first presented presented presented presented presented presented presented to you know like uh like like like Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, olivia Mcvitie, known as as as as as as as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing while writing while writing while writing while writing writing writing writing writing writing writing while writing while writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', Woman', he was working on the okay um so well well well well well well well so I mean screenplay for the film adaptation of of of of of of of 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' you know I mean you know I I I I I I I mean you know so had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 I mean like you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in 2009, following the death of his father earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier like okay well okay you know okay that year, and debuted debuted debuted debuted debuted debuted debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean uh you know for Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert Gilbert to co-star with her, and he okay um you you you you you you you know I mean so okay received a new seven seven seven seven seven seven seven - year contract with MGM um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean as a result, but the film film film film film film film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he um um um um um um um uh okay you know uh you know would have have have have have have have urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus Halicarnassus um like okay so I mean um indicates that the the the the the the the Roman institution of slavery began with you know well well well well well well well well uh I mean so Romulus giving Roman fathers the the the the the the the right to sell um well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean their own children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Phoenix, Arizona, and attended okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like the University of Arizona State, where she she she she she she she was okay um okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so the starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to to to to to to to okay um um uh you know so lead the Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly he certainly he certainly he certainly he he he he he he he certainly he certainly he certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main transmitter is now located on the the the the the the the ridge between okay so so like well well Cullowhee and and and and and and and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for for for for for for for well well well uh like you know booster station station station station station station station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is uh well you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the age of 13 he read I I I I I I I mean um so you know so um Thomas's Elpis Elpis Elpis Elpis Elpis Elpis Elpis Israel and was subsequently baptised in 1853 well well well well well well well so okay so I mean like at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to live live live live live live live with her well so like I mean like okay Uncle Uncle Uncle Uncle Uncle Uncle Uncle and his two wives (New Aunt and Old Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) Aunt) and I mean okay so like well like never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted abducted abducted abducted abducted abducted abducted well uh um I mean okay uh Syme on a a a a a a a journey back from Asia, and had I I I I I I I mean um I mean like okay uh the island island island island island island island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the since the since the since the the the the the the the since the since the since the end of 'the 'the 'the 'the 'the 'the 'the browsers wars' there have like so okay well well well well well well well like well been new browsers coming onto the scence, many many many many many many many of I mean you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know these are open source meaning that they tend tend tend tend tend tend tend well so like um um um to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar or on the the the the the the the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located located located located located located located on Wentworth um uh you know uh like okay Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of the um you you you you you you you know like like okay so writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each in each in each in each in each each each each each each each in each in each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from from from from from from from start to like uh um I mean well um finish in in in in in in in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York York York York York York York Athletic Club you know so you know um um um um um um um well um and focused on making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 you know know know know know know know so like uh so so Reagan disclosed his diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier um so okay well uh okay that year, year, year, year, year, year, year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well um you know reported from from from from from from from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction you know know know know know know know so okay you know so um um um um um um um of the venue was started, new side sectors with with with with with with with roof uh like uh um uh like covers were built built built built built built built and the media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to to to to to to to you know I mean uh um uh um dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into the exciting and ever - changing world I mean like like like like like like like well well you know you know of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during um um um um um um um so you know um uh uh which time it was was was was was was was discovered that in addition to well well like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and areas areas areas areas areas areas areas you know uh um like uh so of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in in in in in in in I mean you know uh okay uh like the quarter - - - - - - - final match against Denmark; this meant that so so so so so so so so okay okay you know I mean Nedvěd would would would would would would would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch that branch that branch that branch branch branch branch branch branch branch that branch that branch that branch was completed in May May May May May May May 1900 but by 1911, you know so I I I I I I I mean well okay okay another line diverted traffic once served served served served served served served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI aPOJI aPOJI aPOJI aPOJI aPOJI aPOJI corresponds to to to to to to to a Java standard interface you know well um so well like like like like like like like and is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly jointly under their I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know well um banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt well well well well well well well like I mean uh you know you know. Ltd. In In In In In In In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier carrier carrier carrier carrier carrier carrier force achieved surprise like I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, counter-attack, counter-attack, counter-attack, counter-attack, counter-attack, counter-attack, well you know I mean uh you know well well well well well well well the enemy knew that the Americans were coming; this so so so so so so so like um okay I mean well time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was then sold by Gompers to the American um um um um um um um uh well well okay uh War Mothers, also known as as as as as as as the Gold Star Mothers because their okay you know like um um um um um um um um okay display of a flag with a blue blue blue blue blue blue blue star for a so well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to well well well well well well well you know well um I mean uh use him him him him him him him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; Land; Land; Land; Land; Land; Land; after well well you know um so like kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know like okay the Savage Land, Land, Land, Land, Land, Land, Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well so well Elizabeth's Anglican Church is is is is is is is an Anglican Church within the Diocese of I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like you know Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had khrushchev had been rapidly rapidly rapidly rapidly rapidly rapidly rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various senior I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like uh posts until 1929 when he he he he he he he moved to you know okay I mean well well well well well well well um well Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he he he he he he he is amazed um uh you know okay you know know know know know know know well by her broken spirit and whatever he does to well well well well well well well well so uh okay like torture her does not demoralise her her her her her her her as she um uh I mean um okay uh is already already already already already already already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque the Albuquerque the Albuquerque the Albuquerque the Albuquerque Albuquerque Albuquerque Albuquerque Albuquerque Albuquerque Albuquerque the Albuquerque the Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum of Natural History and so okay you know okay well well well well well well well you know Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located located located located located located located are located are located are located are located are located are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box box box box box box box you know you know so okay like okay - - - - - - - section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh so all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May May May May May May May uh um I mean so well um 1976, this variant had had had had had had had been specifically designed for the uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay dual - role of lightweight fighter and advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground move so okay so you know uh I mean and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth the fifth the fifth the fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth the fifth the fifth the fifth floor is off limits limits limits limits limits limits limits to hotel you know well you know um well well well well well well well um guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one one one one one one one you know okay uh okay well you know of of of of of of of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh you know you know 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and and and and and and and okay um you know well like I mean television, and in in in in in in in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to to to to to to to you know well like like well like a cascading series of of of of of of of shut downs and a major um okay you know well so so so so so so so so regional blackout, such as occurred in the US US US US US US US Northeast well well uh like like so blackouts of 1965, 1965, 1965, 1965, 1965, 1965, 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of Beaujolais, Beaujolais, Beaujolais, Beaujolais, Beaujolais, Beaujolais, Beaujolais, okay uh so well like I mean and the name name name name name name name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed in the standardization of its products, so so so so so so so okay uh uh like well that were sold to either either either either either either either individuals or to the um um okay okay like well corporations corporations corporations corporations corporations corporations corporations of an entire industry, while the railroads at okay like like like like like like like like uh like well the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, in 1774, in 1774, in 1774, in 1774, 1774, 1774, 1774, 1774, 1774, 1774, in 1774, in 1774, the courthouse was the site site site site site site site of local preparation for okay so uh well um um um um um um um um the first assembly of the Virginia Convention and and and and and and and it I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover 'Hanover 'Hanover 'Hanover 'Hanover 'Hanover 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is the cleanest village in in in in in in in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of of of of of of of um okay well uh um uh power for their their their their their their their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red the Red the Red the Red the Red Red Red Red Red Red Red the Red the Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, out, out, out, out, out, out, resulting so well you know like um so in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, socialize, socialize, socialize, socialize, socialize, socialize, and you know well I mean uh you you you you you you you know uh enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N. Vonda N N N N N N N. Vonda N. Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda Vonda B I mean um like okay I mean like like like like like like like. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the east east east east east east east like I mean well um um like coast of of of of of of of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service freight service freight service freight service freight service service service service service service service freight service freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, limited, limited, limited, limited, limited, limited, but there like okay um so like like is some, some, some, some, some, some, some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the there the there the there there there there there there there the there the there the there the usual once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have been been been been been been been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn stephanie Lynn stephanie Lynn stephanie Lynn stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie stephanie Lynn stephanie Lynn stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 26, 1948) is well um um I mean uh uh an an an an an an an American singer - songwriter who is best known for for for for for for for um okay like okay um um her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included the entire party and many of of of of of of of the fruit vendors. Several so okay I mean you know know know know know know know I mean okay people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was formed during several episodes of of of of of of of quaternary glaciation like okay so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh when sea levels were much lower lower lower lower lower lower lower - the I mean um um uh well um analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis of stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that so you you you you you you you know well like okay you know formation took place place place place place place place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is I mean um so so so so so so so like okay well a former outfielder and first baseman baseman baseman baseman baseman baseman baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Corvair Greenbrier Greenbrier Greenbrier Greenbrier Greenbrier Greenbrier Greenbrier I mean okay like uh okay okay Van in the late late late late late late late 60s the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by by by by by by by her uh I mean like I mean uh um um um um um um um stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, Actress, Actress, Actress, Actress, Actress, Actress, often well I mean you know you know well well well well well well well I mean cited for her striking presence and ability to to to to to to to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design design design design design design design of okay uh like you know well you know an an an an an an an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment uses opposing opposing opposing opposing opposing opposing opposing you know um okay uh uh like pistons driving a central central central central central central central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios you you you you you you you know you know you know so like you know are are are are are are are associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the the the the the the the I mean I mean okay um well I mean fetus to to to to to to to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac when Mackinac when Mackinac when Mackinac when Mackinac when Mackinac Mackinac Mackinac Mackinac Mackinac Mackinac Mackinac when Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist evangelist evangelist evangelist evangelist evangelist evangelist Rex well um you know well so I mean Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible college, um I mean well okay um so then began began began began began began began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by by by by by by by okay uh so um okay uh cultural norms and and and and and and and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one okay I I I I I I I mean so well uh like of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract contract contract contract contract contract contract um you know well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 you know know know know know know know okay like so uh um and 1990, they would record record record record record record record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, 1807, well um um you know like well the first published published published published published published published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh I mean okay is a large species species species species species species species of South American chinchilla I mean okay uh uh well well well well well well well well rats, known from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed acting under I mean I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that the failure failure failure failure failure failure failure I mean um uh okay like you know of Jacko's (carefully (carefully (carefully (carefully (carefully (carefully (carefully planned) alibi was, in hindsight, an ironic stroke stroke stroke stroke stroke stroke stroke um like you know you know um so of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in born in born in born in born in in in in in in in born in born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, 1954, 1954, 1954, 1954, 1954, 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel private Badel private Badel private Badel private Badel Badel Badel Badel Badel Badel Badel private Badel private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of of of of of of of Humacao, like you know you know okay like you you you you you you you know Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical their musical their musical their musical their their their their their their their musical their musical their musical journey started very early in in in in in in in life as well uh um like like well both both both both both both both started singing at Sunday school and through basic I I I I I I I mean like I mean um like I mean education education education education education education education and also performing in various high schools and participating participating participating participating participating participating participating so I mean um you know okay I mean at at at at at at at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast well well well well well well well so you know so well well and passes passes passes passes passes passes passes through the northern part of the well okay um you you you you you you you know well you know city of Washington, with interchanges interchanges interchanges interchanges interchanges interchanges interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis the chassis the chassis the chassis the chassis the the the the the the the chassis the chassis were then bodied by coach - - - - - - - builders such uh like well you know you you you you you you you know um as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with with with with with with with I mean so like um you know you know know know know know know know the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely so so so so so so so so well okay you know like postponing the recording recording recording recording recording recording recording of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - sU - sU - sU - sU - - - - - - - sU - sU - 122 were used in numerous battles battles battles battles battles battles battles on the Eastern okay you know okay okay well well well well well well well I mean Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, I I I I I I I mean like uh uh I mean I mean they also also also also also also also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city city city city city city city itself - well um okay okay well okay by the the the the the the the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, um um um um um um um um like okay okay well 000 mark (three (three (three (three (three (three (three times bigger than the pre-World like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well War II population), and by 1970 it became became became became became became became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and and and and and and and like um like I mean well so so so so so so so Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and and and and and and and so you know okay well uh like she won their their their their their their their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Storm of you know so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - season season season season season season season club records uh like like um well I mean with 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established established established established established established established notions like well I mean um uh you know and and and and and and and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest years okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know I mean um when Makiguchi Makiguchi Makiguchi Makiguchi Makiguchi Makiguchi Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and and and and and and and was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the the the the the the the I mean um well well so um Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is uh um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean uh an an an an an an an American professional basketball player who is currently so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh uh a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so uh professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 -- I mean like so um well like 10 record record record record record record record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive okay you know know know know know know know I mean like okay like 0 -- 3 start, and and and and and and and were plagued by injuries um I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months within months within months within months months months months months months months within months within months within months of his first arrest, Pérez was was was was was was was involved in I mean I mean um you you you you you you you know um well a trashed - hotel - room room room room room room room incident; he and two um well uh so okay so members of of of of of of of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and began wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling wrestling well I mean you know you know like so so so so so so so in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price um uh like like like like like like like I mean okay like guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Alfred Alfred Alfred Alfred Alfred Alfred Hardy I mean um you know you know um um um um um um um okay & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick brick brick brick brick brick brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive males arrive males arrive males males males males males males males arrive males arrive males arrive males arrive earlier than than than than than than than females at breeding sites uh well um so like like like like like like like I mean to establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County Hall is a 16 - - - - - - - storey office block well um well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh owned by Cork County Council and housing its its its its its its its administrative so I mean I mean okay well like headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean so specific multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship with with with with with with with Carol, so um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay as she believes she has the perfect relationship with with with with with with with him and I mean so okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh reveals that she is imitating her life as as as as as as as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara Tara Tara Tara Tara Tara Tara I mean you know uh like uh you know scrambles scrambles scrambles scrambles scrambles scrambles scrambles for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this this this this this this this later confronts well like I mean um so I I I I I I I mean her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched touched touched touched touched touched touched down and damaged the I mean well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well Fermi 2 generator building and forced an automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the in the in the in the the the the the the the in the in the in the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there there there there there there there are 9 kind so um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements various elements various elements various elements various elements elements elements elements elements elements elements various elements various elements and obstacles are introduced as one one one one one one one I mean okay well well uh um moves on on on on on on on to new levels, which means that the complexity I mean um um um um um um um you know uh like so and level of of of of of of of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances performances performances performances performances performances performances in um um um like okay um 1912 1912 1912 1912 1912 1912 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority the majority the majority the majority the the the the the the the majority the majority the majority of victims seeking advice are are are are are are are female and aged well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay um between 18 and and and and and and and 23; it can have harmful like okay so so so so so so so you know uh okay effects on a girl's education education education education education education education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting setting setting setting setting setting setting like well um um so you know Thoroughbred Thoroughbred Thoroughbred Thoroughbred Thoroughbred Thoroughbred Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and turf well well well well well well well um well okay you know I mean that that that that that that that today are Grade 1 events and in the U well well well well well well well okay you know okay so well. S. Triple s. Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple s. Triple s. Triple s. Triple s. Triple s s s s s s s. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so okay well number of prior prior prior prior prior prior prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage you you you you you you you know you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following the following the following season he went on to play twentyone twentyone twentyone twentyone twentyone twentyone twentyone games, okay I mean um like so you know know know know know know know scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before signing signing signing signing signing signing signing okay uh uh so you know um an eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there currently there currently there currently there currently there currently currently currently currently currently currently currently there currently there are very few Jews in in in in in in in Kosovo, according um well okay like okay so to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or or or or or or or card okay uh uh so um like and separate separate separate separate separate separate separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a a a a a a a historic district so so uh okay okay okay in Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is easy to get involved in the fiesta even even even even even even even well um okay like well so not knowing the language and and and and and and and to live the Carnival and on like like like like like like like like I mean like okay so Saturday everyone wears a a a a a a a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up fights, fights, fights, fights, fights, fights, fights, okay uh uh so like uh then faced contender Oba Carr Carr Carr Carr Carr Carr Carr in February 1999 where well um uh you know um um um um um um um uh Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um well projects, she founded founded founded founded founded founded founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh like I mean like a group group group group group group group that was instrumental in passing a you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well uh 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a a a a a a a team uh uh uh I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh from Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by by by by by by by multiple well uh okay um you know um Native Native Native Native Native Native Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, materials materials materials materials materials materials materials you know I mean okay okay uh you know smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was built in 1837 and closed down well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean so ten years later, later, later, later, later, later, later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like so you know um began studying piano; piano; piano; piano; piano; piano; piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like okay uh um a clear cause but is is is is is is is believed to be the you know so uh okay so I I I I I I I mean result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Azmat, Faakhir I mean okay you know uh so um Mehmood, Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel Axel Axel Axel Axel Axel Axel so so like okay well okay Gudbrand Blytt Blytt Blytt Blytt Blytt Blytt Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was widely like you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean I mean known for many years as as as as as as as 'I. Patouillardii', named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as as as as as as as being like uh like okay uh um 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends like like like like like like like like um okay I mean like above the 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among well well well well well well well well you know you know so I mean the indigenous indigenous indigenous indigenous indigenous indigenous indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood of of of of of of of I mean well I mean you know um okay Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in so so so so so so so okay uh like okay you know Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, so so so so so so so you know okay um I mean I mean where where where where where where where her parents decided to separate; she and her I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like uh uh well siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from from from from from from from 24 well uh like I mean um um um um um um um um October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de de de de de de de like uh okay uh so um Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style style style style style style style of architecture like uh uh I mean you you you you you you you know okay with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke Lemke Lemke Lemke Lemke Lemke Lemke leslie Lemke leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County marathon County marathon County marathon County County County County County County County marathon County marathon County marathon County (UWMC), part of of of of of of of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, um okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like is a two - year campus of of of of of of of the University of Wisconsin you know um um you know know know know know know know um um System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated educated educated educated educated educated educated tatarkiewicz educated tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and and and and and and and art okay I mean uh so like like historians, historians, historians, historians, historians, historians, historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to to to to to to to you know okay okay well well well do do do do do do do so through his famous three - volume 'History of of of of of of of Philosophy' um okay you know okay you know I I I I I I I mean ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, in 1947, in 1947, in 1947, in 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, 1947, in 1947, in 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described described described described described described described the three okay well I mean I mean like like like like like like like like periods after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Key, Key, Key, Key, Key, Key, Gordon Pass so you know um so okay so so so so so so so near modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning learning learning learning learning learning learning well okay well um I mean well approaches, including lecture, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, uh like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean internet - based interaction, etc. These These These These These These These should be so um um okay um okay accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like okay I mean basis purely on on on on on on on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received an at - large bid in um I I I I I I I mean you know you know um well the the the the the the the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries khurram khurram khurram khurram khurram khurram khurram tries khurram tries khurram tries to return back to the the the the the the the camp from um so so I mean uh you know the battle battle battle battle battle battle battle but takes long time to reach as he like well so so so so so so so like uh well forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, service, service, service, service, service, service, the you know like okay okay uh like allied forces forces forces forces forces forces forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um okay largest ship management companies operated operated operated operated operated operated operated in Monaco and is uh okay okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the current Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - - - - - - - uh well you know okay so you know pattern, result in in in in in in in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' um okay you you you you you you you know well uh uh which prevents the horse from earning earning earning earning earning earning earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting rebooting rebooting rebooting rebooting rebooting rebooting the okay well like like so you know system's computers regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from um um um um um um um like okay so okay so his childhood -- 'something 'something 'something 'something 'something 'something 'something that could never, ever possibly well I mean you you you you you you you know so I mean um destroy us' -- and the the the the the the the destructor arrives in the okay like well uh you know know know know know know know like form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and and and and and and and like well like uh well um perform on stage stage stage stage stage stage stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the the the the the the the you know well uh uh um okay Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, 1919, okay well like okay so so to the house his daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, daughter, Emily Booth, had built some um um um um like like like like like like like you know considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the the the the the the the third you know I mean um well like like like like like like like you know attempt; the resulting great field position led to Iowa Iowa Iowa Iowa Iowa Iowa Iowa taking so so okay so uh so the lead, breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the the the the the the the uh well uh well you know so gold was depleted depleted depleted depleted depleted depleted depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was so so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and and and and and and and after that uh well I mean so like like like like like like like like and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like like I mean the 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd 33rd championship game for the NFL, played on January you you you you you you you know okay well like okay you know 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a a a a a a a uh I mean well uh you know well marble marble marble marble marble marble marble - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 different types types types types types types types um you know so well um okay of marble are are are are are are are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like uh like the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided decided decided decided decided decided decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided roosevelt decided to seat seat seat seat seat seat seat the all - white delegation, and well well you know know know know know know know well you know well he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in the same year he purchased the the the the the the the like um um so you know uh 'Herald & & & & & & & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a I mean so so so so so so so okay well okay like delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most most most most most most most popular so like well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at at at at at at at Talaialanganam uh I mean um I mean you know so so so so so so so against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was uh you you you you you you you know like so I mean so known as The The The The The The The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker worker worker worker worker worker worker Gertude you know like like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being systematically so so so so so so so well um okay you know so looted and its residents residents residents residents residents residents residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal wendy Schaal wendy Schaal wendy Schaal wendy Schaal wendy wendy wendy wendy wendy wendy wendy Schaal wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American American American American American American American actress well like um you know um um and and and and and and and voice actress who is best known as the the the the the the the voice you know um um so like so of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad! '.
